Hi, guys, my name is Scott and I am from Automation Dotcom, and today I'm very happy to announce
that I'm losing my first cause in a non Sanim automation testing tool in our Uttam, because I've been
losing so many causes all these days and I think I have almost twenty two courses in Udemy and this
is one of the first cores which is a automation testing tool course, which is not of selenium.
That is the most important thing.
And once again, if you have seen my weekly videos before, I am also told that this year twenty nineteen
is more like a non selenium automation testing era.
So these tools like Cyprus Property Discovery and all these tools are doing really, really good in
the automation testing world.
And also the tools like selenium that we had all these days and we have all these days are kind of painful
in many different areas.
And we are trying to avoid these pains by bringing in so many different coding practices within these
tools.
But the tool like Cyprus is one which is really addressing all these pain points and the problems that
we are facing all these days.
And that's why I started to dig into the Cyprus deal and I could really see the potential of Cyprus
is really, really good.
So many of my friends and my students from across the globe are really talking me and asking to me that
when is the Cyprus course is going to be released.
And I just took this as a serious matter.
So that's why I released this course.
And once again, as I said before, JavaScript is the language of choice for this year.
And Cyprus is really aligned with that.
And because Cyprus by itself is a JavaScript language binding tool.
So that's really cool as well.
So you can see like how the Cyprus recording practices that you can do is really, really going to be
easier, because even if you're not from a JavaScript background, you will never even realize that
this tool is going to be very, very hard to work with, because even though it is JavaScript, if you
have a good programming language knowledge on any one of the language, something like, see, Java,
Java, it's very easy for you to get into the Cyprus as well.
And again, Cyprus, as you know that it is like an all in one bundle.
Everything together like you don't really have to install many different frameworks to get started.
All you have to do is just do like NPM install a Cyprus and you are pretty good to go.
You will have all the different features and frameworks and associate libraries, everything within
one single package.
So you don't really have to hunt or go anywhere to perform these operations, which is really, really
cool as well.
And finally, in this course, I'm going to talk a lot of different topics.
Some of the topics are like complete introduction of Cyprus, understanding Cyprus commands working
with various features of Cyprus, automating UI based applications, automating zaatar of websites,
automating API testing ability with cucumber Cyprus plug ins and Cyprus, the ICD integrations.
So these are some of the most important topics of any tool which is available in the market.
And we are going to be discussing what all these things in this course.
So as I have said, we are going to be talking a lot more detail about Cyprus.
And this course is one of the most important and exciting cause, I guess, which is going to be very,
very helpful for you to get started from complete ground up.
And once again, thank you very much for watching this video.
And I hope you will like Cyprus as how I enjoy it while making this course.
Thank you.
