Hi, guys, my name is Karthik and I am from Esraa, Amazon.com, and welcome to our new course from
Mazid Automation on Internet automation testing in Cyprus.
So this is an online course where we are going to be talking about Cyprus in a complete detail.
So as you remember in our automation YouTube channel, we discussed about Cyprus like eight months before
I could, understanding what Cyprus is all about, writing a very super simple chord with Cyprus.
But we have not discussed the cool feature that Cyprus has got in opposed to what rhenium has got.
And we also did not discuss a lot more detail about how Cyprus can really compete with selenium, one
of the most popular tune.
But once again, the Cyprus team itself has mentioned that they really have to compete Cyprus with selenium
because Cyprus uses a different architecture and different way of identifying the element, whereas
selenium uses completely different architecture and a way of identifying the element.
So the way that we compare Cyprus with stadium is something that we are going to compare a cell phone
with a landline phone or something like that.
So they are completely different architecture.
So we don't really have to compare these to tools together, by the way.
But here we are going to talk about some of the awesomeness of what Cyprus has got and how Cyprus is
going to completely replace it in the near future.
So this is all new.
Of course, guys.
We are going to talk about an end to end automation testing in Cyprus.
So, as you can see, the course has mentioned the name into individual automation testing, meaning
it is not just going to test the UI of the application.
Rather, we can use Cyprus in various different level, something like unit testing, integration testing,
and also something like user acceptance testing and database testing and everything.
So Cyprus is like a level of testing included within itself so that we can do a lot of testing within
it.
And in this video as a stock, we are going to talk about an introduction to Cyprus.
So Cyprus is an open source front testing tool built for modern web applications, so as you can see,
they have mentioned a caption which is pretty cool.
The web has evolved, and so the testing is just really cool.
You can see that Cyprus team is really working so hard to create one of the most sophisticated automation
testing to the environment, where it really removes a lot of pains that testers really go through while
using different automation testing tool.
And one of the tools, selenium.
So most of the internal testing tools are stadium based, which is why they all share the same problem
to make Cyprus different, Cyprus is built with a new architecture from ground up where selenium exiguous
remote commands through the Network Cyperus run in the same run loop as an application.
That's really cool.
And that's why Cyprus achieves some of the magical steps with selenium calmed and because Cyprus uses
completely different architecture where selenium uses selenium server to communicate with different
Web drivers, something like IHI drivers are chrom driver or geko driver to perform an action on the
browser's.
But Cyprus runs on the same runnerup as your application, which means it doesn't really have to rely
on these third party web drivers.
And things of that nature directly communicate much easily, and it achieves the expected behavior that
it is looking for.
So how does it differentiate and works, says it said Cyprus doesn't really work with the help of selenium
itself, though, as you can see, there is no protractor, Nightwatch watches and Web driver.
And similarly, it doesn't really require additional libraries like science and testable.
And they learned how to install selenium.
And you don't really have to install testing framework like Mocca, Jasmyn, Cuneyt and Kerma.
And you don't really have to install the assertion libraries like TCHI and expect OJARS.
Rather, everything is now included within Cyprus, all in one library framework.
So what does it mean is once you install Cyprus, you're going to get all these different awesome features,
frameworks and ascension libraries within itself.
So one command to install Cyprus and it does everything for you.
So the future of Cyprus is really, really cool.
You can see these are the top eight features that they have mentioned, something like time travel,
real time reloading, spiced up, unclogs, consistent result debugger, blatty, automatic waiting,
little traffic controls and screenshots and videos.
So these are some of the intrinsic behavior of Cyprus.
So enabling these features is also very, very easy.
And you'll understand that once you start using Cyprus, you will see all these features are going to
be something available to you instantly without writing much code at all.
It's very, very super simple.
Just enabling some configuration will enable most of the options that you are seeing in here.
And you can see that the time travel option is really cool.
You can see the screenshot of what's really happening during the execution of your code and after the
court has been executed in that particular point of time.
So there is a real time reloading of your application.
Change can happen.
And the same you can see in the test itself, which is really cool.
And these are some of the things that developers really like because they don't really have to sit back
and see that that UI has been developed and they have to wait for hours to see their test is actually
running in the UI perfectly or not.
So these are something which developers really like while they use this kind of tool alongside the automation
testing code that we have written as an automation engineer.
And similarly, network traffic control is something that we can control the networking of the application.
We can reduce the speed or we can reduce some of the media, which is something that you can send to
the application and we can see the performance of the application without having these medias and stuff.
So these are some of the coolest features which is available within Cyprus.
So we will discuss about all this feature as a separate videos in this course.
But as of now, just bear with me.
These are some of the features that we have with Cyprus, and we'll be talking about that a lot in our
upcoming videos of this course.
Again, these great features come as a trade off, as mentioned by them itself.
Some of them are like cross browser testing.
These are the most requested feature by the community.
Cyprus doesn't really support that.
So Cyprus currently support browsers like Chromium, Electron and Chrome.
So these are the three different Chrome based browser that Cyprus actually supports.
But they don't really support browsers like edX or Firefox or apair or something like that.
So these are some of the limitations that I had got.
And Cyprus is currently working on it.
And but Cyprus has really mentioned if you just go through the link, they have mentioned clearly that
there is no point in doing cross browser testing because they do really know that most of the browsers
are now going towards chromium project.
If you just heard in recent times that its browser is completely ditching its Chikara rendering engine,
which is nothing but the stigma, and they are moving towards the chromium project.
And similarly, Opéra is already using the blink and safari using the blink, which is kind of a branch
of the chromium project.
But the only browser which remains is nothing but the IEEE and Firefox, which are using different way
of rendering the pages.
So probably they may be moving towards Common Project in near future.
But still, the team is aware of all these problems because people are looking for cross browser testing.
So that's why Cyperus is going to be coming up with the concept of the testing support.
So maybe after the course has been released, we will be adding some videos on supporting the of the
testing once Cyprus team releases the support.
And similarly, they are also working on the full network later STUBING.
So they already have a stabbing by isolating some of the components of the network, but still they
are going to be enabling the full and STUBING.
Similarly, they're working on retries unit testing support and iframe switching.
So iFrame switching.
Something which was not there before, but now they're partially support iframe switching as well.
So this is completely possible.
So there is a rumor that iFrame is not supported by Cyprus.
It's not the reality iFrame is supported by Cyprus team.
Similarly, it is going to be supporting the better corporate proxy supports.
It seems like the proposal is a complete snapshot, dipping and negative events.
You can see that these two are something which is not even yet in their proposal.
So probably these features will be coming after a pretty long time now.
Well, as we have many features to discuss, the course agenda is designed in such a way that it insists
more focus towards the feature sets, rather, with a classical way of identifying the controller with
Chrome, XPath and Sears's working with Mocca outside this framework and working with SYTYCD configurations.
So these are some of the basic steps, guys, we are going to be really discussing about how to identify
the elements with XPath, with Chrome or Firefox, i.e. with Chrome using the the different selectors
like daughter, daughter or daughter X that edified the elements because those are very, very simple
way of performing an operation automation.
So I assume that when you start beginning this course, you should have a basic understanding of how
to identify an element and how a very super simple core with Psyllium actually works.
So if you have a knowledge with selenium, the comparison with selenium while working with Cyprus is
going to be very, very handy.
So I don't really want to compare Cyprus with selenium.
But at the same time, if you have knowledge with these tools like selenium or USFDA or any other automation
testing to even test complete or Toschi, you will have a better understanding of how Cyprus differentiate
itself by identifying the elements and performing different operation, which is completely missing
with this automation testing tools.
So as I said, we are not really going to be identifying the controls, using these kinds of identifiers.
And also we are going to be talking about how to work with the Mocca or Gita's framework, because I
assume that these are some of the most basic stuffs which is available, like how you can write to describe
an ID block, to write the code and segregate things.
But still, we'll be talking a little bit about this framework.
Will we just go on?
And similarly, we are not going to be talking a lot about how to configure the ICD and how you can
integrate your test and how you can run the continuous integration system.
Rather, we are going to be talking that as a part of this cause on the way we start discourse and progress
within discourse as well as that set the agenda of the course is going to look something like this.
We are going to talk about an introduction and installation of Cyprus and then will be understanding
Cyprus API libraries with few useful ones which are very, very cool.
And without these APIs, probably we will never do a lot of great stuff with Cyprus has really got for
us and similarly will be understanding.
Cyprus features it.
So all the seven great features along with the two, which is something require some paid subscription.
So probably not to discussing about that.
So we'll be talking about all these Cyprus features and then we'll be working with Cyprus variable context
commands and debugging.
So these are some of the cool options that you need to know before you can really leverage the power
of Cyprus and then understanding the Cyprus asynchronous behavior with promise.
And because Cyprus is all a synchronous call, but still, it doesn't really feel to you that it is
asynchronous because the way Cyprus works is something that it stores everything in a queue and then
it performs still a synchronous behavior operation.
And once again, don't worry about all these behaviors and how asynchronous things works.
We'll be talking about the understanding of Cyprus in our upcoming videos and similarly will be understanding
the CDs and then understanding the network request, paralyzation, support and etc..
So these are some of the agenda of our course.
Let's quickly see everything in action and get started with Cyprus.
So once again, thank you very much watching this video and have a great day.
