So today we are going to do the installation of Cyprus within our machine.
As mentioned in the documentation, the insulation required just this command, the NPM install Cyprus.
So this is the only command which is required to install Cyprus within a machine.
So they don't really require any dependencies for your test to run like protractor.
If you are using, you need to have a lot of dependencies to be installed, something like that driver,
manager.
And similarly, you need to have different testing frameworks to be installed, something like Jasmyn,
and then you need to have configuration setup for it.
But all these pain points are something which is addressed in Cyprus and all these common components
are already available within Cyprus.
So you just have to do this npm install Cyprus and you pretty good to go guys, which you can install
in Cyprus within your machine, meaning you need to have NPM installed in our Windows or Mac OS and
you just have to run this particular command.
So the insulation is much simpler and much fluid.
So you need to install the NPM and then you need to run this particular command and make sure in Windows
and or in Mac operating system you have the latest version of Norges.
So we are going to be doing the installation part here.
So for that, I'm going to flip to Chrome browser.
All right.

So this is the Cyprus that I will of the page, as you can see here within the Cyprus label, we have
this command NPM install Cyprus in the first page.
As you can see that they have the complete option of how to install Cyprus on Mac, Linux or Windows
operating system.
So since it is Naude, it can support different operating system very, very easily, much simpler and
much fluidly.
And you can see that this is the page that they have mentioned that it is developer friendly, it is
open source and it's built from complete ground up.
So whatever we discussed in our previous video is actually available over here.
And you can see that this Cyprus tool is used by some of the biggest companies.
So they don't really have to go wrong with choosing this tool for sure.
Cyprus has shown a lot of different progress within their own way, and that's why these companies are
actually using it.
So without wasting any time, I'm going to start doing the installation.
So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to navigate to my item terminal and then I'm going to
create a directory in my drive.
So as you can see in my whole discussion, I will be using Mac operating system.
So if you have Windows operating system guys, there is no difference at all.
You just have to install node in your machine, can download it and then you can install that and you're
pretty good to go.
Similarly, it's exactly the same thing for Mac as well.
So if you just search for NPM download windows, we just search that.
You can see there is something called Nordvig.
It can just hit this guy and you can see there is this Windows installer so you can download these Windows
installer for your Windows machine.
Similar for Mac.
I have downloaded this installed already, so I don't really have to download this again solely for
the Linux operating system.
You can download the binaries from here.
So there are different kinds of binaries available for different operating system.
So based on your operating system of choice, you can download that from here.
So this is the only thing that you really require for the installation to make sure that you install
that.
I have already installed this in my machine, so I don't probably require any one of them right now.
So I'm just going to open my item terminal and then I'm going to create a directory in my drive right
now and I'm going to call this a Cyprus or maybe Udemy Cypress.
And then I'm going to navigate to the Udemy Cypress and here I'm going to be opening my business to
record.
So I'm just going to hit caudate.
So make sure that you install this Austudy Accord to follow along with me.
But if you have sublime text or maybe Autum or some other idea of your choice, you can still use that.
There is nothing restricting you to do that.
So you can do that as well.
And again, before opening the business to record, make sure that you have also installed the Cypress
with the new machine already installed Cypress in my global scope, but still just for the insulation
purpose.
Maybe I can just do that.
So npm install Cypress.
So this is the only command that in the run you can see that it is currently running and it is going
to install the Cyprus for me within my machine.
There you go.
So as you can see, it says this updated three packages in this 21 seconds.
So meaning I have already installed Cypress in my machine, but just that it has updated the Cyprus
within my machine.
That is the only thing that it has made right now.
But I'm going to open source to the accord and I will show you how you can install site.
Within your testing directory so that you can start using that from there, so I'm just going to use
this caudate to open my results to record.
Right, and then I'm going to create a package.
DaGian.
So this way I will have my packages on here.
And then here I can specify the package that I need to install, which is nothing but Cyprus for my
debit dependency.
So for doing that, you can also do it a different way.
You can hit command shift P or windows should be in windows to open what is called as a toggle integrator
terminal.
So you can open this guy so you can see there is a terminal coming.
So instead of using this terminal from here, you can use the terminal within your I.D. itself, which
is also very, very cool option that you can do.
And it is exactly the same terminal C is that as such?
And it's also is LSH.
So is the same terminal guys.
There is no difference on that.
So installing you can just type something like a NPM install, hyphen, hyphen, safe haven Dev and
then Cyprus.
But if you do this, what happens is it actually looks for the package Dages and file that we have created
to install the dependencies.
So rather the most easiest option is just type something like Dev and you can see the intelligence will
actually bring you their dependency here.
And even if you type what is called us Cyprus, you can see this is coming from the Internet to squiring
the package that it has got.
You can see it brings everything for you, which is really, really cool.
And then you can also see the version.
So if I just type Callon and brings me the most recent or the major version of the Cyprus to be selected.
Right, I can do this as well.
And once I do this, I can go to this particular command and I can hit enter and you can see that it
is going to install the latest version of Cyprus within my project.
So this is another way you can just put the dependency here and then you can type Cyprus and the version
that you're looking for, it is going to install this version of Cyprus within your project.
And you can see that now it has created a node module folder for you.
And this particular node module folder is something which was not there before.
So I just increased the size of this particular window a little bit.
So you can see that we have this not module and we have this at Cyprus, which is something you can
use with the type things.
And you can see it has the R types, which is for the typescript guys.
If you have remember, we have already discussed about TypeScript, nor is it automation, a YouTube
channel where this Tydings has the index dart darts file, which has all the type definitions for the
methods that you are looking for.
So this is where the intelligence comes in.
So if you're going to hit the dot, you will see the helpful methods that you can see what you can perform
within that particular file.
So you can see all these different options within this type's file, the types file.
So, again, don't worry about all these details.
I'm just going to show you like what it has installed.
So Cyprus, it has installed here and it has all the type definition files, even for the TCHI, Jicarilla,
Dash, Sudan and the Sudan TCHI.
And if you see here a little bit and the Cyprus at Cyprus, it has all the different packages that it
is required to run the test for you.
Right.
So this is the node package manager and now within our machine, it also has some other packages locked
out jasen file like the Cyprus dependancy version.
This is exactly what you are seeing in here.
Lischak verbose.
Render this one and X VFP and the blue utility, the TCHI, Jaquie, more casinos and all these packages
that you see here is actually sitting in the package have a lot of jasen file.
Right.
So I'm just going to close these guys and this is what it has created right now.
So once everything is done, the next operation is to see how to actually create a Cyprus package,
because we have created this Cyprus, we have installed the Cyprus here, but we don't really see any
Cyprus related stuff coming in so far that you can use a command, something like ENPI X and Cyprus
Open and you can call what is this NPCs file.
So the NPCs is the latest incarnation of NPM.
So you can see there is something called us and PMG is dot com slash package slash.
And so this Inpex is a different way of executing the NPM package binaries.
So if you have the Cyprus and if you have.
We'll use some of the command to install the Cyprus, you have type a lot of things.
So if you go to this particular window, you can see for opening a Cyprus, you have to do a long way
with a full pad, something like Naude module bins like Cyprus Open.
So you can see here Naude module Dobbyn, we have something called Cyprus.
So these are some of the ways that you can run.
So if you see if I hit this options here, you can see there are some code which is written for initiation
of the execution.
Similarly for the Cyprus, you can see it requires Dardar slash Lib's Seelie not in it to initialize
the Cyprus.
So this is for executing the Cyprus.
So you can see for opening this, you can just call the Cyprus Open Command to open the Cyprus itself.
So this is the long way of doing it or the short way ways you can just put Dottore NPM bin and then
Cyprus off open or by using this NPCs again, the Handpicks comes with the NPM version greater than
virata.
So that's what I told you before.
If I remember, you need to install the latest version of Lord in a machine to get this kind of power
right.
Or if you are using Yahn, then you can use this John run Cyprus open.
But once again, we have not installed Leon or we are not even going to use that in whole course.
So to recommend this particular command, just use this in Cyprus, open to perform this operation.
So I'm just going to go here.
And if I hit the enter, you can see some of the magical things are going to happen right now.
So the Cyprus Open will do this playground to be open for you and this playground if I hit.
OK, got it.
You can see that it is going to have some of the cool stuffs for you.
So it actually has some of the stuff's something like in example's and it has some of the cool jazz
files.
So what is this fine Unver?
Is this actually coming from?
And suddenly there is a new folder called Cyprus here and we have this fixtures integration's.
Plug ins in the support and then integration, we have an example, subfolder, it has the same JS file
that we can see in this particular window as well.
So now these are some of the questions that we have got.
What's really happening?
You just ran this particular piece of command in Cyprus open.
Some of the great magical stuff that automatically popped in.
Well, this is the playground set up, that's what they call it, us.
So the playground set up is nothing.
But how do you play with Cyprus?
So using this simple command, it creates the folder structure for you and also the most industrial
recommended folder structure for executing the Cyprus.
They have already created a template for us.
So if you go to the support folder and if you see the command or jazz file, they also have some examples
for you, like how you can use the command summary, how this command has been invoked in the index.
Dodgiest file is also available here like import dart commands.
They also mentioned that and they also say that it is actually using the ECMAScript 2015 syntax.
Right.
So this is how they have created a very simple folder structure for you.
And also, they did not let us go down as a tester that where you're going to put the integration test.
And once again, as I said, this Cyprus is mainly used not just for UI automation, but also for integration
unit testing and also of jobs.
So they put a folder called Integration and they have this example to run the test for you.
So this is the integration test, and once again, any test of the extension of dots spec Dages is considered
as a test for you within Cyprus.
And now we have this.
Actions that sparked our James file, if I go here and you can see this is the same exact JS file.
So if I hit this guy, you can see it has something called triple dash reference type Cyprus.
And so this is a new addition, which was not there during the initial days when I created the Cyprus
video like eight months before.
But right now they have added this feature.
It's nothing but a direct you very can add the reference of the Cyprus itself there.
You can use the intelligence much efficiently so you can see the Siwy or see why.
However, people wants to call that there's horror there.
It shows you the intelligence much easily, like what is the size of ours?
It's a global variable.
I added by Cyprus with all the APIs command.
Right.
So now if I had DOT.
You can see the intelligence brings me up all these different sort of stuffs much efficiently, if I
remember like eight months before when I was talking, the intelligence was not that great enough.
Sometimes it comes, sometimes doesn't.
And the reason is because it uses that type definition file.
Sometimes it misses the one which we are looking for.
But this time it brings you everything.
It brings you the intelligence of the mocha chai or whatever type definition of violence that we saw
in here.
Will be coming up for you for this particular recording that you're going to be doing see this and is
actually coming from Cyprus, not changeable, something like that.
And some like this before is actually coming from Mocca and something like this.
It is actually coming from Mocca.
So the intelligence is also showing you that pop up coming from those type definition's files for you
within Visual Studio Code, which is really, really cool.
Right.
So all these things are coming for you out of the box within this particular reference that you are
actually adding in, as that said.
What is this particular file?
Let's try to run this record as a part of installation and see what's really happening, so I'm not
going to be explaining you like how this code is actually working and things of that nature, but just
that I want to see how this code is actually working.
If the particular file you can see it just open some magical window for us.
And this is a kind of iFrame and there is one more iFrame, but it is doing some stuff there.
Pretty Foster is doing some execution after the Testament's magically for us, and there we go, the
tests are successfully completed.
You can see for each and every element of the test it is running.
It is actually performing so many different operations for us.
And if I hover through one of them, it also shows a screenshot of what really happened before and after
the test has been executed.
As you can see, I can sort through each and every one, and it's doing some assertions and it is also
doing many different operations for us.
So these things are actually happening because of the playground of Cyprus.
And once again, don't worry about all these stuffs yet.
This is what the test execution rendering engine it is actually doing for us.
Right.
So this is the installation part, guys.
This is how things are actually working.
And you can see that I had this executer automation here, which is kind of logged in.
I did this before.
So it is automatically propagating that credentials for me.
But you will see a login button there where you need to login using your GitHub account or something
like that.
Right.
So I did that.
And once again, I'm not going to be talking about this cyperus a dashboard or some other features here.
We were discussing about that later in our course.
But this is what the installation is and this is the complete deep down of the technical details of
how Cyprus actually works and how this intelligence is coming in.
And what is this Naude modular folders and what is the Cyprus folder know?
Next video.
We are going to start writing a simple code and understand how we can leverage the Cyprus power within
our code.
So once again, thank you very much watching this video and have a great day.
