//Section 2: Getting handle with Cypress

Cyprus runners in our previous video, we were discussing about
the simple code writing, these are the power of Cyprus around a lot.
We also saw how we can leverage the power of Cyprus runner to copy or find the element and things of
that nature.
But we're going to even deep dive of further Cyprus runner, the UAE runner, to see how things can
be further leveraged.
So I'm going to flip to my Cyprus runner and I will show you how things work.
So this is the Cyprus runner that we were discussing in our previous video, and we saw that the magical
things happened.
So once I.
Performed or created a file, our specter to jazz file just added that for me in here and once we hit
that, it automatically ran the test for us in here.
And the test runner actually has many different features, something like disabled auto scrolling,
if you want to disable that, because if your test becomes so bigger, it automatically scrolls.
You can disable that and you can rerun that test by hitting this one button.
You can stop the test if you want.
And once the test has been successfully executed, you can still do the highlighting of the elements.
So you can just like this guy and you can see.
What's really happening, you can I think you can inspect the element as if, like you are doing it
with the chrome dev tool.
It's exactly the same chrome Dowdle guys.
You can still use the console if you want.
And you can see there is a source network and performances.
And similarly, you can do something like you can do see some of the DOM screenshot before and after.
So you can see.
So it shows you the dom before and after.
So once you did that typing how the text is going to look like.
So it shows you that before and after screenshot for you.
And once it clicked things, it also shows you a dart there showing what is being clicked.
That's all magical stuff you can see within this particular Cyprus, you ironer.
So I'm saying the UAE runner every time.
But what is this UI done or is there a way that I can run this in command by the test that we are executing
currently within a command line?
Of course, yes.
You can do the execution in the command line as well.
So I will show you that in a minute.
But as I've now just been informed that this is how you can copy the selector and you can also print
that in the console, meaning you can print the command line in the console.
Once you hit the dart.
It is going to print that for you over here.
Right.
So you can do that as well.
So running the test from the command line is once again as easy as how you do the same test over here.
So for running that same test in the command line, the same running option, you can go to the terminal
item terminal that we opened.
Initialization of our code is going to go into the same terminal here and now here.
I'm just going to type the same command that we just typed before doing the initial stage and Cyprus
open.
So I can just do that in NPCs.
Cyprus run, and then I can specify the specification file or the spec file here, which is nothing,
but I guess it is sitting in the example integration's examples of E.A. file, and I need to just copy
this particular file.
So maybe I can just copy this pad and I can pass it over here.
And if I hit run.
You can see that it is going to run, so you can see it's currently opening the year test.
So basically this time this is not running in my this window.
It's not running in this window.
Or rather, it is running the test in headless mode.
As you can see here, it shows me that it's using the Cyprus version, three point one point five and
using the browser Electron 59 in the headlights mode.
And it found.
One example underscore E and goes back, and then it is going to run this particular file.
It is running the test for me or here.
And it has got passed as well, and you can see that once it has finished the test, it is saving something
in this particular folder.
What is this guy?
What is this video?
So by default, there is some video option being started automatically within our location.
So maybe I can just copy this path or maybe I can just click it here.
So it has saved a video for me, as you can see in here, that it is running the test for me, which
is really cool.
So even if it isn't headless mode, in order for us to give a feedback of what the test has happened,
it is showing things for me.
But now you can ask me, like for has this actually been happening?
Where is this test is being running?
So now I can just select this guy and I can just specify the browser.
I guess it's Chrome.
So you can see that now it is running the test for me in the Chrome browser.
So this is like an header.
Hederman So it is currently running the test for me and the UI visual way that we just saw in the runner.
So this is another way that you can run the test using the command line.
So earlier it ran the test in the Electron 59, which is nothing but the headless mode, but now it
is running.
The latest version of Chrome, which I have in my machine, is nothing but the Chrome 71.
So it is running the test in the Chrome 71 browser.
So this is another way of executing your test from the runner.
So these are the two way that you can run the test using the runners in Cyprus.
So one is using this.
The UI based way of running the test were the another way is the command line.
So using the command line, you get even more options, something like screenshots, videos automatically
enabled.
And again, screenshot is not there yet, even if there is any failure happening.
Don't take any screenshot for you.
You have to specify that in the configurations.
But if you specify that it is going to be added for you and again, if you go to the settings in here,
there is something called as configurations.
He shows you all the beautiful configurations for you.
So currently it says the screenshot folder is Cyprus underscore screenshot.
And if there is any failure, you can see that.
You can specify that.
Take the screenshot for me.
So currently the video is true, which is by default.
And that's why you saw the video coming over there.
And this is the Cyprus screenshot folder that you can see in here.
And some of these are the different kinds of settings which is available.
So we can specify these settings within what is called as Cyprus Dart Jason File, where these particular
specifications or configurations that you can specify even within test.
And once again, we'll be discussing that in our upcoming videos of this course over here, having to
specify.
But as of now, just bear with me.
And this is how you can work with the runners and how you can run the tests using this particular command
line interface as well.
So that's it, guys.
Once again, thank you very much.
Watching this video in our next video will be a deep dive into various different libraries availability
in Cyprus.
Thank you.
