Working with Cypress Command for EUA interaction.

So today we are going to be talking about the working of Cyprus with the UAE interaction commands.
So there are many different commands available in Cyprus and such command is the UAE interaction commands.
So we are going to discuss some of the commands in Cyprus, something like CLAQUE that we have already
seen, I guess, but we have not discussed about it a lot.
And then there is a command card type and it's the same like the click and there are some commands like
clear check and select commands.
So even that are something like double click commands or something like that.
You can use these kinds of commands with Cyprus, but these are some of the most common Cyprus the interaction
commands.
So let's see each and every commands in much greater detail in this video.
All right, let's get started. All right.
As you can see, this is my same business record that we have been discussing so long.
So this is the same project that we were discussing before.
And as you can see in our previous video, while writing a simple card, we discussed how we can perform
a visit operation or a visit command of Cyprus.
And similarly, we also discussed like get and then type command for performing a type operation.
Similarly for clicking there is something called Click Method or click command.
And similarly, there are some other methods available, something like double click or double click
operation so you can perform a double click to a DOM element so you can do that as well.
And similarly, if you want to check or maybe select a checkbox, you can use this check method to select
a radio button or a checkbox.
And once again, these are pretty straightforward.
So spending time and understanding how to work with this checkbox or radio button is going to be completely
waste of time.
So I guess I would just leave this as an exercise to you so that you can use these methods and see how
the check and check operation actually works.
So these are what the check methods are used for.
And essentially, as I said, there is something called a select method.
So you can see that this is going to select within a select tagged element, which is nothing but the
dropdown box, exactly the same, like the selected method as is available in selenium packages.
So that's exactly it is with the select method.
Right.
So you can do that as well.
So whatever you have in selenium is already available within Cyprus.
And once again, the select method is something that is not available out of the box.
You need to perform or maybe write a separate method or a separate custom method for performing this
operation.
It's not pretty straightforward, but in Cyprus, these are available in a straightforward way.
That's the beauty of Cyprus itself.
These are some of the interactions which are available.
But as you can see within the click, if I just open, you can see there are some options available,
like within the click operation.
You can perform some click operation with certain options.
So if you just navigate to this particular maybe this particular, you are l.
So if I click that just opens up my safari browser.
And as you can see for the click, there are some options and there is some positions and there is an
X and Y coordinates.
So you can see for the click that you can see here, this is a normal click operation, but if you want
to click at the top right of the page, you can do that as well.
So you can see Cyprus by itself has prepared them in some of these parameters, something like top left
position, top position, top right position, bottom right positions, bottom left position, left,
right, center and bottom.
So these are some of the arguments that you can pass in the positions that you have.
Similarly, for the options, you can pass something like fours as true.
So what does this fours as true means?
And you can see that this force as true is available for most of the operations that you are seeing
here in the command, for instance, the blurr operation.
And they have mentioned here, as for those files, by default, so you can perform the force if you
said that element to.
True.
So you can do that as well.
So you can see here the four true is available for the blurr.
And similarly, the for Zastrow is available for the click operation as well.
So you can do different kinds of options within your click operation.
So for instance, if I go here and if I just perform something like fores as true, so it's forcing
a click overrides to the actionable check and Cyprus applies and it automatically fires the event.
And now you can ask me, what is this, actionable checks after Cyprus?
So if I open this in a different.
The window, you can see that before Cyprus performs an operation, it is going to perform some of these
operations for you, something like scrawling the element into the view, ensuring it is visible, ensuring
it is not only ensuring it is not disabled, ensuring it is not animating, and ensuring it is not covered,
and ensuring the fire the event at The Descendants.
So these are the operation it performs.
If you don't specify for us as true by default, every fores operation is false.
That's the nature, the force parameter for every method.
But if you specify the flaws as true, then these operations will not be performed at any cost and it
is going to perform directly.
The operation, regardless of the element, actually is visible or read-only or it is disabled or something
like that.
Just doesn't click that.
So if you have this kind of operations within your application or there are some circumstances that
you have to perform this kind of operation, then you can specify the force as true.
That's the main reason behind the fores as true option within the click operation.
So you can see that within the cake we have many different parameters to be parsed, something like
options, positions, position and options, and similarly, X and Y coordinates with options.
So you can choose any one of these operation to perform within the click method.
And similarly, if you go to any one of the commands and again, I'm in the APA tab of the Cyprus so
far, if you go to the guides, you will see all these operations or here.
But if you go to the API of Cyprus, you will see the complete API.
And the one which we are looking at is the commands.
And if you see the click operation is the one which we just saw.
Similarly, if you do a if you see the clear, you can see it's clear with options and without any mistake,
the option is going to be the force.
Right.
And essentially, there is a time out that you can specify as well and is a default command timeout.
So if you see what is this default command time out of Cyprus, it is actually four thousand milliseconds.
And then if you want to do, uh, see why that is easy and task time on all those stuffs, it is probably
going to be changing based on the time that you're going to specify which is available already in Cyprus,
documentation or libraries.
But as of now, we have for the clear operation, we have this force as follows.
Right.
And these are the different operations.
It can be performed within the clear.
Similarly, you can see if I go back down to the select operation, you can see for the select I can
pass the values or the value and then value with option and values with options.
So again, the options is once again going to be the force operation.
So you just have to remember that for any given method, especially in the CI commands, most of these
methods are going to have the options.
And again, the options are mostly going to be force and the force by default is false.
But if we enable this to true, some of the operations are not going to be happened during the operations.
Right.
So this is what is the options is all about.
So this is how you can see that for Cyprus, you have many different operations to be performed and
they are pretty easy and straightforward.
So understanding this concept will help you to work with the different UI element.
And also you can make sure that you can interact with the element without any problem and you can efficiently
work with all these elements.
In our next video, we'll discuss about a few more interesting commands which are very, very useful.
Well, working with the larger project.
