In this video, I'll be talking about working with the most common Cyprus commands.
Once again, this is going to be kind of continuation of our previous video, but just that this time
we are going to be working with some different Cyprus commands.
So today we are going to be discussing some of the common commands, something like a visit, get wrap.
Patent find and filter and eat, etc., so you can see that this visit and get are pretty much something
that we have already discussed in our previous video, like visit is used for navigating to the euro
and get is used to get an element from the UI or maybe to get an element variable or an object using
Alia's again.
And that is something that we'll be discussing in our upcoming videos of this course.
But as of now, just be informed that it is not just used to get the UI element, rather, it is even
used to get Alia's and request header and a sponsored or something like that.
So you can do a lot of things with the get method.
And similarly, there is a drop method.
Again, the wrap is a kind of little complex information, but I don't really want to reveal today in
this video, but rather we were discussing about that in our next video.
But as of now, I've just been informed that there is a method called wrap, and this is really, really
helpful as well.
And there are some methods like parent, which is used to get or obtain the patent element from the
present element, let's say you have a button, and if you want to get its patent, you can just use
the parent method to get its patent, something like that, somebody that is a find and filter methods.
Again, these are something that you can used to find element and it can filter the element.
And there is a each method which is used to atria to all the elements.
So these are some of the methods that we'll be discussing in this video.
So in order to make use of these commands, I have just created a simple scenario by using or maybe
working with the tables.
So this is one of the most common scenarios, like people ask, like how to work with TABOR and how
to collect the benefits or edit or delete button.
If you want to work with these kinds of UI where there is no common name for the benefits, edit and
delete.
So you can see that there is a name that Karthick, you have benefits there and there is an edit and
delete.
But again, this is exactly the same for Prashanth the romance of John, something like that.
Right.
So how do you click exactly that particular benefit in here.
So in order to work with the tables we need to identify the following elements, something like identify
the table and then we need to identify the exact role that we are going to perform the operation.
And then we need to identify the element to perform the operation, which is nothing but the benefit,
and then to click the link, which has benefit since there is no unique identifier for the benefits.
Right.
So we have to do all these pseudo stuff if it's in the table.
So these things we can do using this particular Hamdam object, as you can see in here.
So as you can see, the benefit is something which is over here in the trough of benefit, as you did
in the score, one for this particular guy.
But as you can see, the TR with the TD of Karthick four thousand two, three, four one.
And the email address is actually sitting in a tree, whereas the benefit is sitting under an.
So you somehow need to identify its parent because if you see the Karthick, then you have to somehow
identify its pattern, which is nothing but the R, so that you can then find the element like benefit
from there.
So if you are going to be working directly within the tree, you can see the tree is already over here
and you cannot find this particular benefit out from this.
Right.
So you have to somehow navigate out from this tree to find its parent and then you can find the element,
which is nothing but this tree to perform the operation.
So we are going to be using the following methods in here.
So we are going to use the filter and find a method to perform this operation.
But what is the difference between both of these methods?
Well, filter method as it names gets the DOM element that matches a specific selector so you can specify
the selector in here and then it is going to match the exact DOM element for that particular selector.
Versus the find method is something which gets the descendant of the DOM element of a specific selector
more like a query behavior of the equity.
So you can just specify the fine to find the DOM element of that particular locator and then you can
get all the descendant dom elements from there.
So this is very helpful because you're getting the whole DOMS and descendant from this find method.
So the code that we're going to be writing today is going to look something like this.
As you can see, we have the Seida get off the table that we can find.
And then within this table, I'm going to find that TR or all the rows off the table and then I'm going
to check for the John and get its pattern because the pattern is apparently going to return MITRO,
which is nothing but the TR.
And using this pattern, I'm going to do a contains of benefits.
That's the link which I'm going to click and then I'm going to click using the click method.
You can see the so super simple pseudocode in here, but we are making use of all the methods that we
have to discuss in this video quickly, see everything in action and understand how things work so far
that I'm not flip to my associate code ID.
All right.
So this is my video studio called Idee.
And as I discussed before, I'm just going to make use of maybe I'm just going to run this particular
Cyprus to see how the test is actually going to look like.
So I'm going to run the aspect.
Dargis, this file.
And as you can see, it is going to open the test running for me.
And this time it is running actually in the electron browser instead of the Chrome browser.
All right, it seems like it Carindale to find the login, OK, so it's because it was actually logged
in.
So let me do it again so you can see it's currently running and it's hitting the login center in the
username and password.
So now you click the login and then it has to click the employee list link here so that it can perform
an operation on this particular table.
Right.
So as we say in their discussion before, so if you want to use this particular table, actually you
need to have this TR and feed information.
So once again, the table name of this guy is actually Dhat Dayboro.
So if you go here to the employee list of the employee app, you can see this particular benefits.
So if I inspect.
You can see for this particular table, the class name is Table, and then there is a tiara and there
is a TD for this particular steps for taking this operation.
Right.
So in order to use I mean, we work with this guy, what I'm going to do is I'm going to slowly go through
each and every step.
So the first thing I'm going to do is click the employee list so far, clicking the employee list.
I'm going to do Siwy dot contains.
I'm going to click the employee list, dot click.
So if I do this and once I save instantly, you can see the test is currently running and it has clicked
the employee list for US court.
And I have to find this particular table and to see whether that identifier that I'm using is actually
correct or not.
So in order for that to be seen, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go here.
So for cable, I'm just going to do say dot get.
Dr. David.
And if I could save, you can instantly see whether the selecter that you have used to identify the
table is correct or not, so you can see the table is correct.
So once I go near to this table, it matches that particular stuff, which is really, really cool.
Right.
So it highlights that thing for me.
And I'm with the table.
I need to let us find all the D-R are the rows off the table.
So if I just do like this dard, you can see there is a context coming, which is kind of very, very
helpful, almost pretty much like whatever that you require for the Hesterman files is coming in for
you or here.
Right.
So you can just do the D.R, which is cool though, brings you all the TR and within this TR if you
want to filter all the BD, you can do that as well.
So I'm just going to save this.
I will quickly show you how the filter and find is going to look like this time.
So you can see this is the D-R.
So it seems like there is a timer.
The reason is because there is no directory for this particular RTR, which is fine.
And the reason I will tell you how and why it is actually doing it, etc..
So you can see this is that here and this is the TD, right.
So it says like that here is like 11.
So there are 11 rows in here and T is zero.
The reason is because you're actually identifying not within this year, rather, you're going out of
this TR and then you are filtering it.
So in order to find within this D-R, you can use what is called us a greater than the symbol.
And then TR and TD.
You mentioned that you can see that this time.
It's going to show you exactly 80 degrees available for this particular year, so it's not like you
can just filter down further and further, you can keep on changing it.
Similarly, finding and finding and finding and finding, and you can change it.
No, it's not like that.
You have to specifically tell that how you have to identify this particular element of Cyprus so that
it can easily find things for you.
Right.
So this is one way of getting all the letters and for you.
But now our quest is to see if I could able to find within D-R, let's say I want to find shammed out
from there.
So versioned.
So if I say it now, you can see it is going to verify if that particular RTR contains Prashanth in
there.
And you can see that this time the president has got past and you can see it has been highlighting the
over there, which means for some reason it is able to identify the name Prashanth from this particular
period.
So our cost is almost very easy to find right now.
So we have found Prashanth or here.
But the next thing which I'm going to do is I need to exactly click prashanth but if I click Prashanth
it doesn't make any sense or here because if I click this hand you can see nothing's going to happen
because basically I click this benefit, but in order to click this particular benefit you have to somehow
identify its pattern to go on the top so that I can get this particular row.
And then again I find or filter for benefits so that I can perform an operation so that I can filter
or maybe I can even do what it's called as contained for that.
So I'm just going to use patent and then I can even use containers because for contains you can use
it for hyperlinks.
I can just do that DA.
ClipArt.
If I save this.
You can see that this has got to pass this time, so it could be able to find that here with Prashanth
and then incredible to find its patent, as you can see it once I hover, it is showing you the exact
thing that it has did.
And then it finally found the benefits and then it perform a click operation on the benefit and then
it loaded another page, which is really, really cool.
So this is how I can perform the operation of finding and filtering using Cyprus.
So the next quest we have is to work with Rob and also how we can make use of rap to identify certain
element.
But again, to work with rap, we need to have a good understanding of how to work with variables and
thens so that we can make use of the rap much efficiently.
So in order for working with rap, I'm going to show you how to work with different variables.
Dennes within our Cyprus.
And again, then method is something to resolve the promise.
And once again, the promise is something which is already discussed in many of the JavaScript based
courses, not for automation at least, but in our protractive, because I have already discussed about
it.
The promise is something that is going to be used to resolve the truth of the method or the callback
of the method.
That's exactly how you can resolve that then method.
So that's exactly is required for us to understand how things work.
And in order for that to be understood, we need to have a good understanding of all the variables.
So we are going to be discussing about all these variables in our next video.
Thank you.
