And the next operation that we doing in this particular video is we are going to be working with the
Alia's for the U.S. operation so far, working with the UAE operation.
And I'm going to do this.
I'm just going to store the PR.
In a alias, Carl Rose, and then I'm going to be clicking all the rules this time, so it's like a
cheat where I'm going to be clicking all the rows of this particular employee list.
So you can see there are playlists with many different rules.
So I want to click all the leverne rows that I have.
I want to click that.
So if I want to do that, I can very easily do using this particular card.
So maybe I can just copy this card over here and then I want to store this into an alias of rows.
And then I'm just going to do exactly the same thing, like add rows and I'm going to be calling that
then.
But this time, guys, I will show you another cool feature that we have never discussed.
And this is something which we'll be discussing in our next video, which is nothing but the rap method.
So you will see the taste of rap even before we're actually discussing that.
But you will see the potential of using rap in this particular video.
It's very, very handy and much easy to use with.
So I'm just going to be calling this rap.
So once I call this rap, what happens is it is going to bring all the objects off this particular row
in here.
And now I can click all the arrows, guys, if I want to click all the rows in an arbitration, if I
just use one click, what happens in selenium is it is just going to click only one element.
But if I want to click all the multiple elements of the rows, how do I do that?
And you can see there is something called multiple.
Well, there is a property called multiple where we can specify it has.
True.
And if I save this.
You can see that it is running the whole test and it is also going to click all the rows for us in here.
But you can see that it is clicking each and every rose for us, but for some reason I think it has
successfully completed these things here.
But the intention for me is not to do this operation.
So I'm just going to come and this here.
I want to click all the rows of there in the front page so you can see that now it's going to perform
the click operation for each and every rose, something like this.
And this was also very cool, so if I just save this, you can see it could be able to find a table
within the another page, the next page of this particular benefit over here.
And then it clicked each and every operation over here, like hospital, gym, dental car and driver
here.
So you can see even these things are being clicked using this particular operation.
It's very, very cool, guys.
This is how you can work with areas to perform many different operation.
So it'll be using this areas.
A lot will be discussed about, etc. while working with very different testings and things of that nature.
But as of now, that's all, guys.
This is how we can work with in much efficient fashion.
So once again, thank you very much for watching this video and have a great day.
