Today, we are going to be working with Rob Method in our Cyprus Command library, so, Rob, is the

object passed into it, meaning any one of the objects that you pass within the wrapper method will

actually get its actual object properties and members out from it.

For instance, in our previous video, we were trying to use USRAP to click all the rows, which was

identified using the TR.

And similarly, in this matter that you can see in the screenshot here that we are getting the table

and then we are finding that TR with all the PD and then we are getting all the TDRS properties, which

is nothing but the UI element properties using the wrap method.

So you can see that I'm getting the wrap method of the particular tree and then I'm verifying by using

the contained method of whether the data has John in it.

And if the John is there, then I'm calling one more invoke method.

So if I remember in work it's like a shorthand for the then method.

So I call this invoke method of rap.

So there is an option where you can call the rap as well using the trap.

I'm calling the patent and then I'm going to use the same container of benefit to start take.

If you remember, this is exactly the same thing like how we did previously, but just that in order

to showcase how the rap actually works, I have shown this particular example here.

So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm not flip to.

This was truly a code I.D. So this is the same producer working in our previous video and in our previous

video, we use this the way our trap of getting the roll.

But actually this is not exactly what it does, because even without the little trap, you can get the

raw something like this dot click and you can see that I could be able to perform a click operation

here.

But there are very specific cases where this is very, very handy, which we'll be discussing in this

video.

But even before that, there are some additional operations that you can do using this particular method.

So, for instance, if you want to verify if the value that you have got from a Jasen or maybe it has

UTB request or maybe an hour, and if you want to verify whether it's property that jasen property,

the name has some value in it, then probably you can verify that.

So for instance, if you're going to verify the name, something like Karthick exist in a particular

jasen file and then you want to get all the value out from it, you can easily do that.

So let's verify the value from our property.

So let's assume that I'm going to use this Siwa to wrap and then within in here, I'm going to create

a very super simple property here, something like NamUs Karthick.

Right.

So this is one of the jasen object I have created.

And then within this I can do a should.

And once again, this assertion is something that we'll be discussing in our next video.

But as of now, stay informed that there are so many different stuffs that we can do within this assertions.

So as you can see here, I'm just eating the single colon and it brings me up so many different options

here.

And I'm going to use an option called have property as name.

So I'm just going to verify whether I have a property called the name.

And if I have a property name, then I want to see if it is equal to Kartika or something like that.

Right.

So you can see you using this rap.

I can perform this operation in here.

So now I'm just going to say it and I just closed the Cyprus window, so I'm just going to call the

Cyprus as well.

And now I'm going to run.

This is Pegaso.

So as you can see, it opens the application and performs the operation, which we were discussing in

our last video.

And you will also see will be in our pausing for that one, which we have written just now.

There you go.

And again today, expected to Kartik is equal to Karthick, so this is the one which is actually coming

from this particular guy.

You can see that expecta name Karthick to have a property name, which is also passed.

And these two hour sessions got passed because of this rap method.

So you can see that the log as well shows that it is a rap that we are doing for the names Katic.

Right.

So there is a log output as well.

So this is how you can perform a log operation.

And this is how the log rap operation that we did even before.

And the another operation, like doing this guy in a more harder way maybe is to see how we can get

the table value out from it.

And if you remember, that is exactly what I discussed in the slide for the rap.

So for that, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to maybe copy paste the chord that I have already

written or here.

And in order to farmer the document, you can just do command shift P to bring this particular options

and then you can use the format document or here, as you can see, see that automatically align things

for you.

For those guys, you have to use this window shift key.

And for MAK people, you should use command shift B to perform this kind of operations.

Right.

So you can see that I'm just bringing in the table and then I'm going to perform a click operation over

there.

And if I do this one, I probably think that this will fail because as you can see, we are doing the
table, the peak operation on the top.
So as of now, I'm just going to come with this particular piece of chord.
I'm just going to save it.
And now you can see that it is going to perform the operation.
It's also going to click the benefit from the employee list.
There you go.
Fajon, which is cool.
So you can also do this way of operation over here, right.
So this is a power of rap in Cyprus and we'll be discussing about rap in many places while we progress
in our course.
But as of now, to stay informed that this is one of the useful and more handy method to work with now.
Next video.
We've been talking about assertions.
