Today, we are going to work with Cyprus settings and environment variables and again, this video splitting
into two.
The reason is because Cyprus ratings are a lot and they are using various different combinations and
some of the settings are enabled only during the console running operation, but in some settings where
even without control settings, you can just run in the Cyprus arrangement itself.
So there are so many different settings available and there are so many different environment variables
available in Cyprus and they are very, very handy and useful as well.
So we can create our own environment variables and we can access them within our test.
And there are many different ways of doing that.
So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm going to flip
to this studio called Idee.
So as you can see, every time, well, we create a new project within the Cyprus.
It automatically adds many different files for us.
We have already touched the fixer's folder, integration folders and support folder.
And you can see there is something called as a video folder, which is kind of not being used ever.
And there is another file like Cyprus Dages on file.
You can see that it is kind of empty right now and it is high time for us to start using this particular
file.
Well, the Cyprus Dargis on file a file which is mainly used for performing settings and setting all
the environment variables for you.
So the reason why this file is very, very handy is because they are something is like a jasen file.
We can control this design file for the ICD operations as well.
So you can have your own base.
You are really here and you can do a lot of different operations using this particular Cyprus Dages
on file.
And I can quickly show you the informations about the environment, variables and setting from the Cyprus
website itself.
As you can see, there is something called a base YORO and there is an Environment N.V. and there is
an ignored test file, like one of the files that you want to ignore.
Similarly, if you want to have some port, you can mention that.
And similarly, the reporters.
So the reporters are used for Cyprus reporting purposes and that is a reporter options and things of
that nature.
Similarly, timers are also available, like the default mode for the command.
It's like 4000 milliseconds.
So if I want to override that, you can mention that using the default command timeout.
So all these days are course executing with the default command time out of like 4000.
But if you want to increase that, you can actually do that by setting this particular default command
time adoption's.
So there are many different timecode options available here and there is an explanation of where this
is actually being used, something like seewhy that visit to use like sixty thousand of page load time,
which is sixty thousand milliseconds, so you can increase this as well.
Similarly, request time out for the XIKAR is also available over here and similarly the response time
out.
And there are some folders and files like the files to so folder just nothing but the one which is used
by NPM for the applications and similar fixtures folder is the one which we have already seen and certainly
screenshot folder and plug in folders and videos folder.
Right.
So if you want to specify your own location of the video folder, you can do that as well.
But by default it'll put all the files within the Cyprus video folder for you.
Right.
So I'm going to quickly show you some of the options by enabling some of the options.
You can also set the browsers.
So, for instance, if you want to set the browser with Crum's Web security to troll, so it will check
whether that page is actually of same origin policy.
If not, it is going to be telling you an error and you can blacklisted and enhanced you can modify
the observer radio course as well.
Right.
So let's quickly jump into the settings and start working with it.
So the first thing I'm going to do is actually I'm going to set the video to true.
So don't think that if I said this video to true, if I ran the test, this guy if I just ran this test.
And if you expecting the video to be coming into this folder, for sure, you will be in bad luck.
Actually, there is something called a video which is being generated during the test run using this
way, which is nothing but using this particular runner, the You Eitam or rather the disc can generate
the video if you are running this particular cord from the command line.
So for the first time, we are going to be running the test from the command line here.
So for that, I'm just going to be opening the.
Item
here and then I'm just going to be running, let's say I'm going to run this year, Abdah Specter,
Jaspal, for doing that, the very, very easy option is to call the NPCs Cyprus.
I've run and then I can specify the spec here, so the spec which I'm going to be specifying is this
one.
So I'm just going to copy the pad and I'm going to pass it over here.
This particular spec file.
Right.
And if I run this time.
What's going to happen is it's going to call the.
Electron Browsr, you can see it is running in the headless mode by default.
He is running the test for the testing the test year application.
And to successfully completed and then it is putting all the files within the video folder so you can
see that it is an item in Cyprus, Cyprus are videos examples of this one.
So this one you can see this time I have an example folder and I have a media file, which is anything
but the before folder as well.
Right.
So now if I reveal this in the finder, you can see I have this before file.
And if I play this, you can see it is going to show me.
What has really happened behind the scene in this command, so this video file will be generated if
you just said the video to true option in the setting.
Similarly, if you want to take a screenshot of the failure, let's say if there is something which
happens and if you want to take a screenshot of the failures and you want to store that particular file
as well, so you can do that as well if you just specify the screenshots folder.
So by default, the screenshot will be taken during the runtime.
So if I just want to make this test to be failing.
So I'm going to even specify the screenshot folder this time, so I'm going to go here.
So I'm going to call this a screenshot folder and let's put this particular file folder, name the various
folder names or copy Pat.
We're here, he controls the copy, the relative pat.
Let's try with the lady, Pat.
And I'm just going to say it, and I'm just want to make that test to fail this time so far that I'm
just going to go to the court.
I'm just going to make this a sport for for just going to see this guy and I'm just going to run this
test again.
So basically this time the court should fail because it couldn't be able to find that employee list
of four for four.
And it is running the test right now to just ignore about this particular dart or D underscore store.
So this is just a warning and this was fully executed.
But somehow the test has failed.
As you can see, it has failed there.
But you see there is something called as a screenshot.
And at this time, so if I click this, you can see there is a screenshot coming in for us and it tells
us that the contains employee list four four four does not exist, which is really, really cool.
I just specify like two settings.
And one of the most greatest option of taking screenshots and videos are automatically coming for me
using this particular setting, which is really, really cool, so we can keep on extending this particular
settings in even further level.
And some of the cool thing that I think are these videos and screenshot and other things like time hours,
you can just keep on adding and you can work that somebody the best you are is something which is also
very, very handy, because if you just view this base, you are all you can specify that slash.
That's it.
So you're just going to be replacing that card, using the best you are that you have specified.
So, for instance, if you just go here to the Cyprus charges on file and if you just specify the base,
you are out of the application.
That's copy this pretty girl, and let's put this last year settings over here, serious guy, and now
if I just run this test.
Of course, the test will fail, but just that if you see the video this time.
You can see that it just put a slash there and then it has navigated to the application using the base,
you are all that you have specified and then it is navigating there.
Right.
And similarly, we can use this slash Alarcon's slash login to verify that particular page is actually
coming in or not using this particular base.
You are so basically you are also one of the most setting that people will use and will automatically
replace for production and for the testing environments.
You can keep on changing that based on whatever that you can do in the next video will still talk about
the settings, some of them, and also will discuss how to work with the environments and environment
variables.
