In our last video, we discussed a few settings here and also discussed how to work with videos and
screenshots and how to work the best you are and also the power of settings and running the test, using
the command line, something like this.
Right.
And in this video, we'll still work with the same settings and also will work with the.
Environment variables a little bit.
So what if I want to work in some other settings and various settings is actually sitting so every time
do you think that I want to go to the safari and I want to work with all these files?
Of course not.
So you can also go to the Cyprus runner here into the settings.
There is something called as configurations where you can see what are the different kinds of configurations
available.
So you can see now it has said that this particular base, you are all for me, and it has also set
this particular screenshot folder.
And what are the changes that I have made is actually coming in over here.
So there's a blue color thing which says that set from Cyprus, Dages on file.
So if you want to work the environment variables file, this is going to be like a separate file.
You can create something called the Cyprus Dot, Ian Dages and as well if you want.
But again, those are something like an oracle.
It's better to work with Cyprus, Jason, because if your environment is like just a couple of them,
creating a separate file is going to be like in your head and you have to maintain them in the get,
not ignore as well as in the pipeline.
So it's better to just work with one file, which is really, really cool.
So as the DOL said, the final setting that we've been doing is maybe just to see that it's achieved
something like ignoring a test file.
So this is very handy in our upcoming videos because we are going to be talking about that.
So I'm just going to put that up, of course, ignored as file.
So let's see the magic, how it happens.
It's very, very fast.
So you can see all the test is coming in or here.
So now if I just ignore all the jazz files for me, I'm just going to say that do you see all the jazz
file has successfully gone?
And if I go to the settings and go to the configurations, you can see that it has removed all the files
for me.
And similarly, we can see there are some other settings which are very handy as well.
Something like the port.
No, just the Cyprus can use because Cyprus by default, it uses a port, which you can actually change
as well.
And similarly, you can specify the test files that you want to execute and things of that nature.
Right.
So all these settings are kind of very, very handy and very, very helpful.
And the final thing they going to discuss in this video to wrap up the settings and environment is actually
the environment itself.
So if I just specify something called EMV and if I create some environment that is key value pair,
something like if I want to do like a user name, something like that, and I'm going to specify it
as admin so you can see that I can specify like a key value pair, I can just save it.
And in order to access this particular environment variable, all I'm going to do is this.
It's very, very simple, guys.
All you got to do is you're going to go to the you can go to the file that you have to access this name.
So instead of user name that we have passes that parameter this time, I'm just going to be calling
what is called as A C, capital B, and you can see there is a Cyprus class.
You can use this class to access the E and we are the environment variable using this method.
And then within this you can directly pass the key value.
The key here is the user name, I guess.
So if I see.
Yeah, its user name, which I have passed here, so I'm just going to say, oh, this guy and let me
just run this within the stroller and also I'll make the test to pass, because last time we were trying
to make the test to fail by adding this four four four.
So I'm just going to save it and it's going to run this test and see what's really going to happen.
So basically, this is how we can read the value out from an environment variable, and this is kind
of very, very handy as well.
OK.
Seems like we don't really have any test, so because we have said this particular ignored field settings,
I'm just going to be that guy.
And let me try this again.
So it's going to affect not only the UAE runner, but also the console runner, because that's something
that is pretty much required.
All right, that has successfully completed and now if you go to the video.
And you can see that the test has successfully got completed, right?
So this is how we can make use of the settings and the environment variable in Cyprus.
And these are very, very handy while working with different environments, while working with the ICDs
and while working to take screenshots reporting's and all those jobs, which is required for any automation
testing.
And Cyprus has made all these things much, much easier and simpler, subsidises how we can work with
configuration in our next video.
We are going to be working with plug ins and we'll see how the power of plug ins going to enhance the
way that we are working right now.
