So today we are going to talk about working with plug ins of Cyprus, so in this video, we are going
to really create an implosion.
Rather, we are going to be using some of the most popular plugins available for Cyprus, something
like dark theme or cucumber plug in for Cyprus and all those jobs we've been discussing within this
video.
And once again, who can plug in this like a separate section, guys?
It's not something which is just fitting into a plug in section.
It's like a separate section.
And it's the most requested feature as well.
Like a lot of people are talking like how we can work with Cyprus and Cyprus with cucumber in much greater
detail.
So we are going to be talking about that plugging in this video as well.
So let's quickly jump into the plug in section and start working with how we can leverage the power
of community driven plug ins, and maybe if you want to develop your own plug in, you can still do
that.
But you're not going to be discussing about that in this video.
So for that, I'm going to flip to Safari browser.
So as you can see, there are something called us plug ins.
So if I hear the plug ins, you can see Cyprus provide a number of plug ins available.
So some of the plug in types is like preprocessor.
So in preprocessor, we have something like Browsr Wi-Fi cucumber and Cypress Aperture preprocessor
BIPAC Watch and excellent.
And similarly for development tools.
You have something like here and this one, the Cyprus dog team was kind of very, very interesting
for me, because if you see the Cyprus dog team, it brings you some of the dog team operation.
The one which we have right now is like a white theme.
So every time you execute the test, it is going to be kind of very, very white and it is not as beautiful
as this one.
So this dog team is really, really cool.
So we'll be exploring about that.
And also we'll be talking about the Cypress cucumber plugin, which is also very, very handy.
And you can see that just kind of checked in most of the time and is contributed to by like 19 contributors.
But the plugin itself is very, very simple.
But just that the way it has been designed is really, really cool.
So we'll be talking about how to configure and work with the cucumber with Cyprus in this video series.
But as of now, let's work with the DART team and see how it works.
So what I'm basically going to do is I'm going to install this particular DART team within my project
or here.
So NPM install hyphen, hyphen, safehaven of Cyprus dog.
So once I do that, it is going to start installing the plug in for me within this particular project.
And then it says that you can use the Halloween theme, which is really cool.
So maybe we can just use the Cyprus dog for now and then we can talk with this Halloween theme.
But as of now, I'm just going to copy this and you can see that it has they mentioned that we need
to add this line in the Cyprus Support Index Dargis file.
So we have this indexed Dargis by here.
So I'm going to be importing this particular file like require Cyprus dark and that's it.
That's the only change I have to made.
And once I make that change, you're going to probably see all those stuffs coming in.
So I'm just going to go to the Cyprus runner and.
I guess I can just run that, but for some reason, the test has been stopped here, so.
I just have to, uh, open the Cyprus, uh, silly little slash.
All right, so now we have this idea, our suspect, our James files, I'm just going to open that.
So I expect this white color to be black.
There you go.
So now we can see this is like a dark team, just kind of really cool.
But you can see that the text is kind of not that visible as like the white color.
But it's really cool to see that it is black because my Mac itself, like, uses the black team and
this team is aligning with my Mac, which is really cool.
So you can see that the community can keep on extending the test, the drone or even any point of time.
So if I just use the Halloween theme, it's kind of funny that the Halloween theme has all these colorful
caused and all the stuff.
So probably my daughter would really like this.
But as of now, I'm just going to be using this and I will show you how it looks like.
So I just change that Halloween theme.
And now if I just execute this card, maybe I just have to.
Stop.
And stop, Akane.
I just call this.
So now this is the Halloween theme and you can see all these ghosts coming in here like skeleton and
caused here, and this is what the pumpkin, you know, just really cool.
So it's like an orange color.
And the good thing is, like, if you just go near to the visitor or something like that, you can see
there is a blurred blood with the syringe coming in for each and every steps kind of frenzy.
But yeah, this is how you can work with the different sort of community driven plugins available within
Cypress.
And again, if you want to create your own plug ins, you can see there is something called a plugin
guide where it has mentioned very clearly that you can start working with your own plugins, like something
like how you can do that.
Using this model to export and all those stuffs, but again, this is not the scope of this cause I'm
not going to be discussing about that so we can discuss about that later in the course.
But as of now, this is how we can use the third party plug ins.
