So until our last video, we discussed how we can work with cucumber preprocessor of Cyprus and how
we can make use of the power of Falkenberg in Cyprus and in this video to be talking about almost like
same like what we have discussed in previous video, but just that we are going to be working with a
data table this time.
So as you can see in our last video, we work with this particular kind of parameters where we actually
got this particular parameter using this particular string over here to get the username and password.
But hard to work with the tables of the features.
So the tables I'm talking about is something like this.
As you can see, that it says, like when I log in as like username and password or something like that.
So if I just want to use this kind of format to perform the operation, like how can I really achieve
this kind of self operation?
So this is what exactly that will be discussing in this particular video.
So, again, if you just go back to the documentation of the developers and if you just see where that
needs an example for that data table, you probably will not see as of now, because I don't really
see any one of the options that the author is talking about their table.
And if I just see their examples, I don't even see in the examples.
Like if you go to the Brian's family and there is this cucumber cypress cucumber example or Cyprus example,
I just tried to search for the dinner table and I couldn't actually find any one of the examples.
So what I did basically is I just went into their code and I saw their comments that what they had,
but the developer has did.
So they made some comments like 15 hours before regarding the scenario outlined in the data table.
So if you just go into the data, they will come into that what they have made.
You can see that they actually do support what is called as a scenario outline and data tables.
So it seems to be like being supported.
And as you can see here for dinner table to be worked, what they have did is they just posited that
table in here and they're doing an hashes are for each, after all.
So now you get all the rules for that particular for the table and then you actually type in the value,
like rolled out first.
So in this case, the first is actually this one, right.
So the first actually is going to be like the ladder that they are passing in from the radical column
to the second is the column name, and the result is that column names rather.
So they're just doing this kind of operation over here, so all we have to do is just follow exactly
how the author has created this over here and then see how things can be working.
Right.
It's going to be like a trick.
But, yes, as of now, we don't really have any documentation.
But we are going to be the first person who are going to see the taste of how to use this particular
option so far that I'm just going to type the same given method.
So I'm going to sell a given I login following.
And as I said, we have to pass the data table.
As a barometer.
And within this relatively parameter, I actually need to call that a radical hashas, right, so dateable
dot hash so you don't really get any intelligence here because I'm not actually calling the directive's
here for that.
And then I'm going to use F.R. each loop.
So Sundara obviously it's already Inari and then instead of Yellowman to maybe I can just put a row
here and here, I can just type in exactly the same way.
I like how we did before for entering the username and password, but just that instead of the type
of username I'm just going to use what is called as rawData username and for the password I'm just going
to type role dot.
I guess it was capital letter for the password.
Yeah, scapula for the password.
So that's Capitola password.
Right.
That's it.
And then I need to click the button, the login button over here.
Right.
Everything is good.
So that's the only change I have made.
So once I do that, you can see that the test is going to run pretty much like how it was working before.
Do you see it's the same thing.
Guys, let me run this again so you can see it's going to enter the username and password.
Actually, this time it is working from.
You know, it's not working from here.
Rather, it should have work from here.
So let me just close this runner for now seems to be like a catch or something.
So let me just quit this whole test.
So I'm just going to cancel the whole test from here, and then I'm just going to.
Run this again, it may be because of catching because it's not actually picking this particular definition
for some reason, so I'm just going to pick that up and you can see that this time it's kind of confusing
every time that there are so many JS file and instead of having so many JS files, we can just have
the feature file separately.
So in order for that to be done, all we can do is like we can go to the Cyprus Dages on file here and
we can add the ignore JS file.
So if you remember in our previous video we were talking about these settings where we can actually
set the the configurations.
So if you don't remember, you can just go to the dogs just for a fresh and if you go to the configurations,
you can see there is something called a signature test files for the jazz files.
So you can just call that here.
And then you can set the files to be ignored.
So I'm just going to be saying, like, I just want to ignore all the J.S. files within the settings.
And now you can see that I can only see the feature file, rather the JS file or something like that.
Right.
So now it has been ignored and now I expect the test to get passed by entering the user name and password.
So this time it is entering the value from this particular step definition and given a login that's
following that username and from the password.
Right.
So this is exactly coming from the table, given I login as following.
Right.
Somehow for some reason there is like like a catch or something like that in the Cyprus registers in
the runner.
So probably had to restart that every time.
But other than that, you can see that it is pretty easy and straightforward to perform the same operation
and it's very, very fast as well.
So this is a guy.
It is how we can work to convert plugin of Cyprus.
I can probably add even more videos on the different plug ins, which are kind of interesting in our
upcoming videos of this course, but not in this particular season.
Maybe in season two, I'll be adding even further enhancement.
But as of now, this is what it's all about with the plug ins of Cyprus starting your next video, we'll
be talking about working with XIKAR request in websites using Cyprus.
So once again, thank you very much watching this video and have a great day.
