So our last video, we discussed how we can work with the status, status, something like this, and
respond something like that for the response body, and if I want to verify some other values, something
like a role as admin, so I can just do this role as maybe admin so I can keep on typing that and you
can see that it is currently working.
So basically I can verify everything or from here and I can see how the exercise is actually working
behind the scenes, which is really, really cool.
Right.
So this is how I can work with one of our guys.
So let's say if I want to verify some other exercise as well, let's say I want to verify a different
structure often, etc..
So the one which we have right now is a structure, something like this.
So let's say if I want to verify a structure which is completely different, let's say if you see here
for the automation to summary, it doesn't really have anything like an internal structure of like data
and then of zero and then something like that.
So just like a straightforward like within this particular guy, you have the initiator, Max concurrency
max minutes and something like that.
So if you want to verify this kind of operation, it's kind of very, very easy to do so.
We can probably do that as well.
So it's going to go here and just put on maybe like an API check just to check this picture guy.
And I want to see if this particular operation works fine or not.
Again, for doing this particular check.
I'm going to be doing exactly the same thing like how we did before in our previous video.
I'm just going to be doing something like this.
As you can see, this is a traffic interception on the explicit using explicit assertion.
So I'm just going to do exactly the same thing.
But this time, as you can see, I'm just getting the actual responsibility to have that property of
Max.
Q This one to be like 150.
Right.
So I'm just going to save it and we'll see how it runs.
So you can see that our assertion is kind of increasing and it has increased a lot this time.
Oops, I thought it was going to be verifying this as well, maybe it's the same catching problem that
we had before.
So it's somehow coming up every time.
So I can probably.
Quit it and rerun this again.
All right, as you can see, this time, we have this particular team and the EPA check, so both of
them are kind of very fired at this time, right.
So this is how we can perform the operation for both the routings here.
And as you can see, I have mentioned something like explicit assertions happening here.
Right.
So if I want to do something like an implicit assertion here, so if I want to verify this, even easier
to do that.
So again, for the implicit assertion, as you know, we can use something called and should so I can
just call that as well.
So API check, I can just do that.
And I'm going to use this method called it's.
Response.
DARD body sherd.
Have a property, you can see that it is very, very easy to read.
Max Q.
And the value is going to be equal to 150.
Something like that, so this operation, I can do something like this using this what is called as
an implicit assertion.
So if I save this, you can see that it's going to do exactly the same operation like I did before,
right?
So this is how we can work with XIKAR and this is some of the topics like which is not discussed elsewhere
in the Internet.
There are no lot of articles available on the island of Cyprus.
Maybe there will be a lot of articles or videos coming in future.
But this is one of the first videos available in the Internet where it talks about so deeply.
And we have discussed a lot of things, which is not even available in the documentation, even in the
author's page so far.
So these are some of the videos that I have worked closely with the team of the companies like Cyprus,
where I got these informations from there.
So this it, guys, is how we can work with Accenture in our next video.
We'll also see how to work with cookies and we'll quickly see how we can make use of their cookies to
verify how things can be verified.
So stay tuned for our next video to work with cookies.
Thank you.
