In our last video, we discussed how to work with Accenture and how we can deal with all these great
options of reading from exercise and things of that nature.
We also do a lot of assertions available and also bizarre, like how we can assert things much easily
and simply.
And today we are going to work with cookies of Cyprus and we'll see how we can read cookies much, much
easier than ever before.
And it's very easy to do in Cyprus because it's spelled like that.
So as you can see, to read the cookies information, you actually have to go to somewhere called as
applications where you have something called cookies options.
And if you see for the account dot, dot, dot, dot, dot com, you have this cookies information stored
in here.
You can verify whether your cookie has this SRF token being available or there is an access token created
for you, or if you want to verify whether this particular user ID is for, to, for or something like
that.
So I can probably verify this for one to four because it's kind of very interesting, very small, and
it's very easy for me to verify as well.
So I can just verify whether this user I.D. cookie has the property of value.
As for one to two for something like that.
Right.
So if I want to verify this is kind of very, very simple, guys, all I would do is this.
I can just go over here and I can just write another ID block.
So I'm just going to say verify.
LAMDA test coquis login to the application, so I guess it's going to visit the site at least, but
it is not going to login for me, so maybe I can just copy paste all these values over there as a cheat
or maybe just to have a login.
So for that I can just copy paste this card or here and this is going to be logging in for me and once
it logs in then I'm actually going to be doing the cookie operation so far, cookie operation.
I'm just going to use the Seida, a method called get cookie.
So this is one that is responsible for getting the cookie value.
So if I remember, I'm going to be getting the user ID, which has the property.
As the values and I'm going to verify whether it has the value as to double for it.
Right.
So if I just do this, if I just save this, you will see that I'm getting an error and the cost is
actually coming from this guy, basically, because it actually throws me an error and just sounds like
a cost.
So probably that's the problem.
Well, that's not the problem.
The problem is because we actually have to make these ads before each so that it runs for each and every
test.
So now I just save this and hopefully this time the code will work fine.
So you can see that it is running this guy the fastest that it perform Log-in.
All right.
So this one is running, which is completed, I guess, yet.
So this test is fully completed and it is running the second test and hopefully this should pass as
well.
All right, seems like the site is getting very slow.
There you go.
Oops, we got some error here.
It's because of my typo, so the propertied has is four one two four four.
But I just put like four.
One, two, two four.
Oh, my God, it's four.
One, two, four four.
So for one, for one, two, two, four, two, four.
All right, so once I say this, you can see that this is going on fine without any problem.
So this is how we can work with cookies and we can verify different properties of cookies and verify
and work with the XIKAR much easily.
And this is one of the most interesting part of Cyprus itself, because this makes Cyprus even more
fascinating and more available and even more testable in many different aspect of our application,
which we have never did this in selenium, ever.
So these are some of the great things that we can achieve in Cyprus, guys, and it's really, really
cool.
So once again, thank you very much.
Watching this section starting on next section, we are going to be talking about API testing with Cyprus.
Thank you.
