So in our last video in Working, we got this letter, which is kind of funny because it says that it
couldn't be able to delete that particular operation, which is fine, even if it doesn't really delete.
We don't really have a test to stop.
So we have our test.
But still it has to continue even if it fails.
So in order for that to happen, if you see the error even more closer, it says that you do not want
to have a status code to cause the failure to pass the option of failure or fail on status quo task
force.
So basically, it says that you can just pass and an option here, something like fail on a status card.
So you can see there's a property coming in after a long time.
And then if you just say, like, fails, something like that, probably.
And if you say, oh, this guy.
So this time it doesn't really complain you that error and test successfully runs without any problem.
Superphosphate is.
And you can see that it has been successfully created at this time, even though like there are two
times a fall for error has came.
The test really didn't complain any error for us, rather, it just successfully completed the test
and the test has successfully executed the test for us.
Right.
So this is how we can perform a delicate operation for each and every each and every operation that
you can do.
So that's why this delete is something sitting on the before each so that I don't really have to have
this kind of problem.
So now we discussed about the delete the post and the.
Get operation, the rest is like put and a patch again, these things are pretty straightforward, guys,
you just have to change the record here and things are going to work pretty much like without any problem.
I don't really see that is any problem for that.
And the last option they can probably show you for the API testing and it seems like the API testing
is pretty faster.
And again, this is not the scope of the Cyprus cause.
But I just want to show you, like, how Cyprus really does the EPA testing much, much more efficiently
and much easily.
That's why I'm just showing you all these options here.
But, yes, there are so many things that you can explore for the EPA testing beyond something like
what ID authentication and something like passing a body image and different kinds of stuffs on all
those things we have not discussed here.
But this is just like touching the actual tip of the iceberg.
So the other stuff that I'm going to show you today is to show you, like if I pass an authentication
for an application, which probably throws an error or things like that.
So if you go to our website, so here at our Saami dot com and if you try to.
See if our application really works best with the without Antifragile talking or something like that
or with Andy Forgety token, I can also verify that with my application at this time.
So actually, this application is built in such a way that it actually works with the Antifragile token.
You can still decide.
It's very, very easy to do that.
But I'm just going to show you, like, how the side is a little bit secure then compared to the rest
of a static website.
So as you can see here, if I try to login to this application, so if I just do a login here and if
I go to the network and let me clear this, preserve the log and here is some type like admin and pastoralist's
password.
And if I hit login, you can see it's trying to log in to the application here.
So if I get hit this year, this particular login here and if I come down here, you can see this is
the farm data that is being sent to our application.
And you can see there is something like usernames and passwords, password, and remember me as false.
And this is the request for verification token it has got.
So I'd say if this is a situation and if you want to replicate without this verification, talk on its
control, you an error or maybe if I just pass the same data just to cheat and see what's really going
to happen.
If I want to do that, I can probably do that as well.
So let's say I just want to run a very, very super simple API testing for just for my website.
So I'm just going to do that only.
We're here, and I trust me, no exception, rather, says that expecting a 500 to equal 500, so which
means it is five hundred.
So it is past and then I'm expecting this record and a forgery kookie request verification token is
not present.
So this is the error that I'm expecting from my application, that if I try to pass something very,
very like a dodgy value or there so it should throw me that error.
So somehow toward me, that error and I could able to easily assert that particular value.
These are some of the cool options which are available out of the box within Cyprus.
And I have never seen that available in any other tool which is doing this kind of operation in selenium
or maybe some of the tools which actually does this kind of operation for free.
And again, these are some of the cool stuff that we can see that it is available within Cyprus and
we have successfully able to achieve that with the minimal or very, very minimal coding practices.
That's it, guys.
This is how we can do the API testing in our next section.
We'll talk about Dashboard's using Cyprus.
Thank you.
