// Section 7: Cypress CI/CD Integration

So today we are going to work with Cyperus Dashboard's.
Disciple's Dashboard's service is an optional the best companion to the test runner, so the dashboard
is obviously something which has a lot of different features, which Cyperus actually makes the money.
By the way, it is the only feature which actually enables the paralyzation support for Cyprus.
Even though Cyprus is kind of a parallel threaded application because its energy is based application,
it can run in different threads in order to achieve the actual parallelism.
If we have the dashboard service enabled, only then you can run the test in parallel in all the available
machines that you have.
Well, as it turns out, that while running the test in parallel, you need to have multiple machines
as well.
And also you need to ensure that the machines that you have has all the different specification files
or spec files being transferred or load balanced to ensure the test is actually running efficiently
and quickly.
So in order to happen all these things together, paralyzation supporta Cyprus is something separate
only with the Cyprus dashboard.
And also they have an option called a grouping, which creates a group of Speck's to track test environments
or separate Monori Parap.
And it results from the parallel test or aggregated two and the run test, how you want to still regard
them as a single logical run.
And also there is something like inside and you can detect the longest aspects, which takes so much
of time to run the tests and things of that nature.
So you can see that all these things are actually available within Cyprus dashboard.
But we're talking about the paralyzation support, you can see that the current test that we are running
all these days are something which we are running without paralyzation.
So even the demo that I'm going to show you today with the dashboard free service, I will not be running
the test in parallel because paralyzation support requires you to have a paid plan so I can actually
run that.
You can see without paralyzation, the machines can run all the specification file in a sequential order,
like whatever files that you have, whereas with the Cyprus paralyzation, it automatically load balance.
The spec file is putting all the specs files in the different THII machines and then it runs all the
jazz files for you automatically.
So all these hard heavy lifting options are taken care of by the Cyprus paralyzation options if it is
enabled.
And again, you can get the paralyzation support using what is called as the dashboard Sobeys paid plan.
So there are like different paid plans available.
The one which you have this one, the free version is something you can see that I can have like three
users and I can run private recording, say five hundred, whereas the public disregarding is unlimited
and it supports community, it has the community support as well, whereas for the 99 per month plan
has for user support and twenty five thousand private recording, unlimited public recording.
And it has the test paralyzation and random grouping.
So these are the things which are very, very fascinating as well.
I guess this is something which people will probably go like nineteen dollars per month for a small
team, whereas two hundred dollars per month is going to be like for the bigger team.
And that's what people are going to be actually in being all about.
So we are going to be seeing the dashboard service like a quick run or maybe a quick demo in this video
and we'll see how things are going to be actually working so far that I'm not flip to my visual studio
code idee.
All right.
So I'm just going to navigate to my directory.
And I'm also going to show you quickly, like for our test to be executed, we actually just have to
run the NPCs open command, right, in Cyprus.
Oh.
And then if I ran this particular feature, as you know, that it is going to run the feature for us
automatically.
So this is how we are running all the tests all these days.
But as you can see, currently, it has logged and executed automation in here.
Well, the automation here is not something which automatically came in here, but actually I logged
in to this particular cyperus using my login.
If you remember, in my first video, I was actually talking about that when we were discussing about
this particular test run or so I have not shown the option by the time, but now I'll show you how it
looks like.
So once I hit login, it's going to take me to the GitHub page for logging in and then imagine logging
in into my different monitor right now.
And then it's take me to the login page.
And now it has logged in successfully for me.
Right.
So once it is logged in, you can actually see that I can see all my runs that I have made so far.
And then also it's going to show me the settings that I have.
So we have already discussed about the setting in our previous video.
But as you can see for the run, I actually need to set up the project.
So if I don't really set up a project, it's not really show me any of the execution that it has happened
so far.
But since this Udemy Cyprus directory or the one which you are working so far, are not set up any project
yet, I'm actually going to do that for the first time right now.
So far doing that, all you have to do is just click this and it is going to show me that what is the
project?
And that going to college is it's going to be in Cyprus, of course.
And I'm going to like the organizations.
So the organization I'm going to select is a demo organization.
But now you can ask me like, what is this demo organization version is actually coming from?
So this is something was actually created within the Cyprus dashboard page.
So if I hear this Manege organization page, you can actually see within my window or here.
So this is something that I already used.
I'm going to show this time.
But this is a demo organization which I created.
And you can see that it shows you the project and it also shows you some nice information, like how
things are going to be working.
And it also shows you like what you are going to do basically once you create the project.
And it also shows you a demo, by the way.
So I'm going to just choose this as private so I don't has access to it.
So I'm going to set up this project.
So once I set up this project, you can see that it's going to add this file is going to add this line
within my Cyprus Dages on file.
So if you could see here is not at all yet.
So I can probably just copy the project already and then I'm going to you to work here.
So this is the project idea.
And once this is done, I then need to run the whole test using the Cyprus run record option that I
have got.
Right.
So I'm just going to copy this guy and then I'm going to run this.
That's it.
This is the only thing I'm going to do.
And once I do that, it is going to run the test for me within the Cyprus Dashboard Service.
That's it.
That simple?
It is.
And that is why it is so far doing that.
I'm going to go over here.
I'm past this particular piece of command and then I'm going to run that.
But before running that, just to save some time, because we have so many tests available within our
Cyprus integration, within the examples, as you can see, this action spec Alia's, these are something
which is created by the Cyprus team.
So I'm just going to remove these guys for now.
And also the assertions, cookies, Cyprus, these things.
I'm going to do it as well.
That's going to take so much of time for me.
And files navigation quiring until here, I guess we are going to be looking at that then the trash
and finally all these guys.
There you go.
So this is the time for us.
That's an opportunity to clear all the clutter in examples that it has got all these days.
Right.
So everything is done all right?
No, I'm just going to go over here and then I'm going to execute this test.
Oops.
It's because I have to do this in Cyprus, run a record.
Right.
So once I do that, you can see that it is taking some time.
It is basically going to communicate with the Cyprus Dashboard Service.
So it is automatically connecting over there and now is running into this particular euro.
So basically you can see that.
So there is a run one which you can actually see from the safari browser that I have got.
You can see it's automatically showing me a very, very nice little run.
I can just happening.
It's public execution.
So once I hit this guy, it shows you that what's really happening behind the scene.
So it's running on a Mac OS, an electron 59 browser.
And you can see that the first test has successfully got completed and this one is currently being executed.
I think. I think.
And then there is an example, so you can see for some reason, the apparatus has got failed and you
can actually see the videos as well.
You can go to the videos and you can hit this run to see what's really happening behind the scenes.
Hmm.
Seems like, interestingly, the test has got failed or because the fact is in server that I have in
my local machine is currently being shut down.
That's the reason this one is failing, which is fine.
And the next examples is a test, etc. So it's currently getting that.
And then there is the example.
It's not just an abstract idea.
So all these files are currently being executed behind the scene for us, which is really, really cool.
And you also have the output, like the log, like what's really happening, how the errors are being
thrown.
And also it has the video screen shot, if any.
You can see there is a screen shot over here and there is a video log.
So everything is there for us automatically within the Cyprus dashboard, which is really, really cool.
So all these options are available out of the box with the Cyprus.
And again, this is a free plan.
So there is no way that we can run this test in a parallel more so if I want to run this test in parallel.
All I have to do is like within this particular command or here that I have given this one in Cyprus
of unrecovered P and then space hyphen hyphen parallel will make this particular panel execution.
But unfortunately, I don't really have a paid plan so I can show you the demo or here.
Right.
Just gaieties how we can work with Cyprus.
Dashboard's the next video.
We're actually going to work with the most exciting stuff, which is nothing but the Cyprus with Docker
support.
So we're going to install some cool things like Docker, as you can see or hear how it already I was
just going to use the Cyprus image.
I'm going to run all the tests for us.
Right.
So once again, thank you so much watching this video.
Hopefully in our next video, we will see this result and also we'll see how to work with Docker's Cyprus.
Thank you.
