And in this video, we're going to talk about working with Cyprus Docker's, so Cyprus has its own darker
images available in the outcome.
So they have created so many different kinds of images.
And there are some images which has a browser like Chrome in it, and there are images which has just
electron in it.
So there are different kinds of Dr Cyprus images available.
So we are going to make use of one of the images available and then we'll see how we can run that test
using the cyberstalker.
So I'm actually going to cheat by copying some of the darker commands from the Cyprus example, which
is available in their own GitHub repo.
But they are not going to be basically using the whole thing, which they have got, because they are
going to have our own application at this point of time because we are using all the applications which
is available within our test.
So we are using the public.
You are facing applications.
So probably we don't really even require those scenarios to be passed in.
So we don't really have to have an application over there.
So we are going to be making directly use off our test, using a few commands with Docker and then we'll
see how we can run the Cyprus just within the Docker container.
So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm to flip to
my safari browser right now.
All right.
So as you can see in our last video, we're executing this test in our Cyprus dashboard.
And I also promised that I'm going to show you how the test results are going to look like in the in
the dashboard, as it turns out that most of our tests are failing.
I don't know why.
And it seems like this test has to get past, but for some reason it has not.
It has failed in one point, but the second part is actually parsing this one is fully parsed and this
one is fully fit as well.
So we can see what's really happening in the video there to see what's really happening behind the scenes.
So the app seems like the application has been opened and it's entering the user name and password.
I guess it clicked the employee list and OK, so our test is actually wrong because we are just trying
to understand on the source.
Yes.
Which is something we made intentionally to not test fail.
And that's the reason that this test can't fail, which is OK.
I think most of the tests, which means are actually working fine, thought any problem.
So this is the cool thing about this whole dashboard itself, guys, we can see that it shows us like
what's really happening with one machine, with all those different kinds of stuffs here.
And then it also shows the graph like bar chart and all that stuff.
So because we only have like one machine, it also shows all this information over here.
Right.
So instead of running the test on the dashboard service of Cyprus today, we are going to be executing
the test, not the dashboard service, rather, using what is called a set docker images.
So far, the Docker image.
As I said, we are going to be making use of some of their own commands.
So if we just type something like Cyperus Docker
and you end up new pages here says like GitHub, dot com, cyperus docker images.
So these are the different kinds of images which is available, something like Cyprus based column for
which is not just for version been installed and there is not just six version and then Norges eight
versions and things of that nature.
And they have like logistic regression as well.
There are so many different versions available and there are so many different browser versions available
for the Chrome.
Right.
It just make sure that this is only Chrome.
This is there is no Firefox or Safari or kinds of browser available.
Right.
So as I said, these are the images which is available.
And they also have an example of the Cyprus docker.
So if you just go here and if you just search for something like Cyberstalker example, which I guess
I missed the track, probably I can just search with Google Cyperus.
Darker example.
There you go.
So they have this particular piece of stuff, so I can just open this guy in here and if you see this,
there is a darker, composed example so you can open this.
OK, so this is Dr. Example, Cyprus example, Dr. Campos.
OK, so this is the information they have got.
So you can see there is a complete YAML file, which is kind of very, very important because it has
all the commands within one single file.
You can see here that they had a conversion, they have a service and they have like an end to end in
here.
And within this instant, they are actually calling the Cyprus folder and pretty much doing all these
informations.
Right.
Again, we don't really have to worry about these things yet.
And if you see it in this ETG, they have a docker file.
Right.
So these are the things that we need to worry about.
So basically, I'm just going to use some of the information from here, some of the information from
this Dr. Composable file.
Then we're going to create this YAML file and then we can run the test and see how it basically works.
Right.
So as that said, the first thing to do is before actually getting started with the Cyprus dock itself
is we need to have a darker installation within our machine.
So I actually have a doctor installation my machine, so I don't really have to worry about installing
all those stuff.
But basically, I recommend you to install Docker for Mac or if you are going to be using Windows,
then you should be installing docker for windows.
And again, installing Docker and working with Docker is something completely not the scope of this
course.
But I have a lot of courses available in YouTube channel as well as in the Udemy for our Docker execute
automation type that you can see.
There are so many videos available in in YouTube, so you can just go over there and then you can search
that.
I also talked about like Sanim, great support and all those stuffs.
Right.
So please go and watch there.
So that's of course that you should be looking for.
But as of now, for working with this guy, the first thing to do is, as you can see, the documentation
that they have mentioned is we need to start installing the Docker Cyprus and then we should get started
again for installing all those things.
Everything is there within this YAML file, guys, because it has the image, it has the container name
and all the stuff.
So everything is going to be coming from here.
Right.
So as it's starting, I'm going to start everything from a plain text so that you can have a clear understanding
of what actually I'm going to be doing.
So that makes your life more easier as well while you're trying to understand things.
Right.
So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to work with the Docker file.
So the first thing Docker file creation is going to happen within this particular folder.
So I'm going to be doing or here, so I'm going to create a file.
McCole this as Docker file.
And once I hear the doctor file, you can see that the real symbol comes in, which is pretty cool.
So this studio idea knows that.
And then I will start writing the base image from and then the base image is Cyprus and he can see that
once I type it just and a query that for me maybe in future.
But as of now I'm just going to type like Basten.
So this is a different version of the.
No, yes, and then the working directory, so I'm just going to put app that's still working directly,
just live with me for now, like why I'm doing that and then I'm going to copy some of the files.
So basically, I'm going to copy the package Dargis on file to this particular current directory.
And then I'm also going to copy the package DOT package.
I lock Dages on file to display particular current directory, and then I'm going to run the NPM installation
and I'm going to do a verify and then I'm going to run the Cyprus itself.
So that's the whole operation that we were doing all these days.
So I'm going to be doing all these steps over here.
So I'm going to run the installation of the Cyprus to install the Cyprus itself.
And then I'm going to be running I'm going to verify the Cyprus installation and then I'm going to copy
the Cyprus and adjacent file and then I'm going to be running in from there.
So all these options have to do, that's the first step that we need to be taken care of.
So once this is fully done, the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to start working with the YAML
file or the Dorkus Dr. Campos YAML file.
So this Dr. Campos YAML file is basically like a file that you can think of, like a batch file or something
like that in Windows environment or in a world of windows like a shell scripting in Mac, where it has
all the commands that are going to be executing in a single shot using that particular file.
So if you're going to call that particular stuff over here to be executed.
Right.
So the next thing, as I said, is going to be the YAML file.
So I'm going to create the YAML file as well.
So I'll says Dr. Campos YAML file.
I can see that it has done into a little red color here because that's fine.
So I'm supposed to give the version.
So version number three and then I'm going to add the services.
So basically the service this time I'm going to be adding is going to be like E to E, so you can give
any name off your choice.
So I'm just going to be following the documentation that they have got.
So I'm just going to be doing that.
And the major timeline we're taking is Cyprus.
So once I hit that, you can see that it brings me up all the majors off to Cyprus this time just for.
Very cool.
So I'm just going to take that and I'm also going to be taking the boot.
So the build is actually from here from dock, which is going to be from my current directory, and
then I'm going to add the container name.
So the container name is going to be Cyprus as well.
And then I'm going to add the command.
So the command I'm going to be adding is the Cyprus run.
I'm going to say this guy and then I'm just going to run this command or the YAML file to see what's
really going to be happening.
That's it.
So this is the only thing which I need to do to run this particular test.
Right.
So you can see that everything is or here now I can just do it like a docker compass.
And then I going to give a file name and I'll say I like Docker
Campo's Dot Yamal and then the command called up the up means it's going to start running the things
for me.
Oops.
It seems like it wouldn't be able to find that unless I think I have to go inside the Cyprus folder,
but I think I should not be inside the Cyprus folder.
I should be in the Udemy Cyprus folder.
So basically let me open Uttam in Cyprus and within the Cyprus I have this dogor compass file, which
I probably have to put outside over here.
Only then I can actually run that.
All right.
With that done now, I should be able to run that test.
Hmm.
It says that cannot create a container for service conflict.
The container name Cyprus is already being used.
OK, so it seems like I already have a name called Cyprus in my terminal.
So if you go to the if you can go to the terminal and if you just type something like Docker images,
I guess I already have that particular.
Yet you can see that I actually have created an image with that name Cyprus.
So I probably cannot do that.
So I can just do like Cyprus.
I want to save this guy and then now I can just run that.
So I probably have to maybe remove this particular container, the Cyprus container, which is already
there.
So which is something you can see here.
I have to remove this guy, just Docker or Cyprus.
All right.
There you go.
And now, if I just do that, you may just I guess it has gone, but still it's showing me I don't know
why, but now if I just run the particular command.
You can see that this time it is creating the Cyprus for me, I don't know, for some reason if I just
use the stock remains, it still shows me like Cyprus.
I don't know why maybe I'm doing something wrong in this place.
But as you can see this time, it is currently running the test year to start features for me within
the Docker container.
Guys, this is first time we are running a test within a container, not within our local machine,
which is very, very cool.
So all these days, we have been running our test within our local machine.
But this time the test is actually running in the docker container, not within my local machine, which
is really, really awesome.
So you can see that with a few commands here, something like this, we could able to run Dakkar test
very, very easily.
And here with this Docker file, all I'm doing is whatever commands that we used so far in all these
days.
I just pasir that particular commands or hear the doctor feel pretty good to go.
And then once we are running the test, it is pretty much running like how it is supposed to run for
us.
Right.
So everything is running right now and the test is successfully going to be complete as well.
So once that is done, I'm actually going to stop this test for now.
So, you know, the next video, we'll see how we can actually see the video or the screenshot of the
failures of our test being executed, because all these days we are executing our test.
And you can see that it shows me that this is the video folder, which is actually which actually has
that particular video, but actually don't.
The reason is because that particular video file is not even being saved in the directory.
So if you go to the user reports, you can see this going forward is kind of empty right now.
So there is nothing being saved because it's actually storing everything within the particular container
image.
So we have to take this particular video or any screenshot from the particular container image out.
And then we going to show that within our local machine so we can do something called a volume mapping
or something like that within Docker, and then we can get the video out so that at least we can see
what the test is actually happening behind the scene and how we can run that.
And again, the full power of running the test in Docker's can be achieved only using the CIC, the
integration, using circular or something like that.
But what we are doing right now is just to see the power of running Cyprus within Docker container.
So as that said, in the next video, we'll see how we can leverage the power of volume mapping to get
the videos and screenshot out from the documentation within our local machine.
And we can see how the test is actually being executed.
