In our last video, we discussed how to work with Cyprus Docker and how we can run the test using Cyprus
Docker.
We also created the Docker file, Dr. Campos YAML file and bizarre how we can run the test using the
doctors Cyprus, which is really, really cool as well.
But in the last video, we also saw like it runs the test for us like a blind way, but it doesn't really
shows us like what's really happening behind the scenes.
So there is no way that I can actually see what's really happening in the test.
And if I want to see the video or the screen shot of that execution, which is happening, I couldn't
actually able to see that.
So in order to do that, I actually have to use a cheat, what is called as a volume mapping or volume
mounting of docker.
So we are going to take advantage of all these doctors on volume mapping options where I can map the
volume of the docker containing image within the local machine of my Mac operating system so that I
can get the videos out using this particular option.
So all you have to do is this with another doctor, Kompas YAML file.
I just have to specify the volumes that I need to map in and then I can easily see how the tissue is
actually going to be executing.
We are going to do everything in this video and you see how we can leverage the power of volume mapping
within our test.
So for that, I'm gonna flip to my studio called EDEK.
All right.
So this is the one that you executing our previous video and this video, we are going to be using what
is called as volume.
So within this volumes, I actually can map our actual volume.
So as you remember in our previous videos, while we're discussing, we actually store all the videos
using the pad that we mentioned within the Cyprus Chazen file.
So you can see that all the files and folders actually been sitting within this particular Cyprus videos
folder or something like that.
Right.
So we are going to be making use of that particular folder or because we are going to be using our local
folder this time, I'm actually going to be using the local folder structure.
So I'm just going to give this user's lashkars the case last report examples or something like that.
Or maybe I can even remove the examples.
So this is the folder, and this is exactly the same folder that you can see in here within my machine,
in my local machine.
And this is where all the test folders and screenshots and videos are going to be sitting in.
And I want to see you have this particular option.
I can also volume around this particular option over to my local machine over here.
And then I'm going to take all the videos, which is currently being exported from this particular folder
into the same folder of my local machine.
So basically, this is the host machine and this guy is the local machine.
Right.
So you can see that now.
It's kind of a mapping that I have made.
So this is the container image videos is going to be directly pulled into my local machine, into this
picture directory.
And then I can see the videos that it.
This is kind of confusing if you don't really have an idea of what this really mapping is all about.
But this is what it is.
And now I can directly go to my terminal and this is the deficit we are running in our previous video.
So I'm just going to run this again so you can see that it's going to recreate Cyprus image for me and
then it is starting to run the test for me.
So that year to start features is currently being executed.
So you can see that test.
E.A. features execution has started in here.
And now I can go to my directory.
You can see that currently it's just pulling in all the videos for me right away from the Cyprus Docker
container image.
So you can see that easier just to filter out before it's ready for me.
And that is this example folder where it has this action spectate just before and this is the year to
start chasing before.
So all these relevant features and the test folders, videos are actually sitting in here for me.
So if I just open the particular feature, right, maybe four or five, you can see what's really happening
behind the scenes.
So it also shows you that the test has been instructed to execute it in the in the container, which
is very, very cool.
So I can see what's really happening behind the scene.
And if there is any failure, I can also see the screenshot being popped out from the container into
my local machine.
All right.
Something has gone wrong over there.
And this is like actions you can see for each and every action.
I guess it would have completed all the recording.
And you can see it's very, very cool.
So now I can run my test within the Docker image and then I can get the videos out.
Using the volume mounting option of the doctor, and then I can see what's really happening behind the
scenes, so I don't really have to worry like what's really happening.
But all these pain points of mounting the volumes and seeing the videos and maintaining all these steps
can be easily removed.
Using what is called as a continuous integration systems or other is called as different countries integration
support, which is available within Cyprus.
So if you go to the Cyprus website or here, they have something called as continuous integration support
plug ins.
So if you go to the continuous integration and you come all the way down, you can see they have many
different CIA providers, supporters available.
And one such is that they always insist is the Sarkozy guy.
So if you see the Sarkozy, they actually has a very, very, very, very easy option to just give a
very, very, super simple Cyprus configuration.
Within that, you're going to mention pretty much like Cyprus Docker, compose a file and then you can
to run the test.
And automatically you can specify, like, how many machines you want and then you can spin up all the
docker container.
And you made this for you very, very easily.
So all this heavy lifting things that you are seeing in here are going to be taken care by the by the
so-called S.I and all the videos and all those different options are going to be coming in for you using
this continuous integration option.
But, yes, this is what it is, guys.
Here's how we can run the whole test within the Docker image and we can also leverage the power of circus's
and all those stuffs.
Again, those are paid and I don't really have access to it.
But you can just play around with the free version and see how it works.
And once again, thank you very much watching this video.
Now, next video, we're going to talk about the page that models of Cyprus.
Thank you.
