In our last video, we created this particular year login page, and we saw how we can export this particular
login page within our test.
So I'm going to go to my test and I'm going to be using that particular page object model class within
this particular test.
And we'll see how we can leverage the power of our test execution.
That's it.
It's very, very super simple and it can be achieved very, very easily using a super simple concept
of the actual test itself.
So in order for that to be done, I'm going to come over here and then I'm going to do this import from
and then I'm going to type the directory, which I was actually creating this particular page files,
which is going to be a cucumber example, slash pages, slash year login page. Right.
So this will give me the login page and now I can put the variable login page or here. Right.
And I know I can use this guy login page instead of this typing of the the values, I can directly use
the login page dot and he can see that I can get that from logging operation and then I can pass the
roll off the user name again, these things we discussed in our previous video.
So I'm just going to be copy pasting the code instead of actually writing the code over there. Right.
And then I'm just going to be wanting this bigger piece of code because it doesn't really require as
of now and instead of clicking this time.
Instead of direct traffic, I'm actually going to use the page opposite model login page, dot click
login button, right. I'm just going to say this guy.
So this is the only change I have to make.
And the ones I have all these options here.
I can now run the test of the feature file test and see how it works.
So it's more like a wrapper around the actual test itself.
And we are just going to see like how we can execute that test using the page object models functionality.
Again, guys, this is like a rapper.
And this is once again, as I said, the team has not been very happy with this particular pattern.
They always call it as an independent.
But still, as you can see, we are from the selenium background and we actually are used to the pain
of the model.
And that's why I have added to this particular video as one of the important lecture within the scores.
But again, it's up to you like how you want to take it.
You can maintain everything in the pages or you can ignore having pages.
But it is important that there is a way to work with the power of that model, even in Cyprus.
And this is exactly the way that we can achieve this operation in Cyprus with page of the model.
Right.
As you can see, the test has successfully passed and these values are being typed using these particular
operations that we have did.
So that it guys is how we can work with page after models, even in Cyprus.
And once again, thank you very much watching this video.
Now, next video, we're talking about Cyprus expat plugin.
