Today, we're going to work with Cyprus expat plug in, which is not something developed by the Cyprus
team, but it is owned by the community to support expat option as well.
So we are going to be discussing about the Cyprus expat plugging them and see how Cyprus can leverage
the power of expat, which is something not available within the Cyprus.
We have never discussed about it, but it is very, very handy right now that you can use the Cyprus
expat out of the box using this particular plug in as well.
So we'll quickly jump in the Safari browser and we'll see how we can install in Cyprus XPath plugin
how to work with it.
All right.
So I'm just going to open Safari browser and I'm going to search for the Cyprus expat over here.
And this is the Cyprus expat, as you can see, that is kind of very, very famous.
And people are actually using it a lot.
So you can see that it is there for like two months ago and it started two days ago, the return of
something as well.
So you can see this is the only basic command that you have to do.
All you have to do is as NPM install hyphen D Cyprus expat will do things for you.
So I'm basically going to stop this execution and I'm going to pass this command over here instead of
the I am going to say this and the general dependency.
All right.
So it has been installed and once this is installed, you can now go to the documentation.
You can see that we need to add the required Cyprus expat within our indexed Argyris file of support.
It's pretty much like how we added the plug in for the Halloween theme.
It's exactly the same thing that we're going to do in here as well.
So I'm just going to go to the Cyprus support and there is this next hour.
Just file so you can see this is the Halloween theme that we have been using all these days.
So I'm just going to be pasting it over here.
And now all I'm going to do is I'm just going to use it.
But you can see that I can directly go to any and of the card, even the card that we worked on our
previous video for the perform login.
So I'm getting all the values using the ID.
So in order to get from the XPath, I can just type Seida.
Oops.
For some reason the intelligence is not coming, but it actually works.
You can see it's still in green color, which means it is identifying it.
And then for the username you can actually write the XPath because I know that it is actually expired.
So I can just type like input at I.D. is equal to username name.
Right.
So this is how we basically write the the expat here.
Right.
And similarly, I can do it for the password as well.
I can just over here.
That's it.
So this is how we can change the existing value to the expat.
And now if I just do the NPCs Cyprus open and if I run this particular card again, this is easier to
start Geass.
Again, this is something we are running from the feature file.
So if I run this particular feature file, this court should hopefully run if it identifies the XPath
correctly.
There you go.
It seems like it's working, which is pretty cool.
So this is how we can work with the expat AI using this particular expat plugin.
It's very, very easy and super simple and superfluid to work with that.
Again, if you see the XPath actually has this changing of the option as well, you can change the type
and you can change the click and all those operation that we usually get, everything is going to be
coming in for some reason, the intelligence.
There is a record, it is not recognizing this particular operation operation just fine, but you can
see that the court is actually working.
So this is the very, very super simple plug in for the expat.
So if you are a fan of XPath and if you are a fan of XPath, then probably you should be installing
this particular plug in to work with Cyprus expat.
And that's the part of Cyprus itself.
Guys like within Cyprus, you can see that there are so many different options available and you can
the communities keep on extending the Cyprus in many different ways.
And Cyprus team is also committed to how all these different options for us.
And it's really, really awesome to see that there are many different plug ins and tools available.
You can see Cyprus of that back that back pre processers is also available.
And there is like doggers support and they also have support for many different options.
Whichever is coming to the technology stream for testing all these things are going to be coming within
the within the Cyprus.
So just keep following this particular Cyprus repository and you will have all the latest and greatest
updates, which is really, really cool to see that.
And again, within this course, we are going to be keep on upgrading all the options, just going to
be coming in within Cyprus as well.
So, once again, thank you very much watching this video and have a great day.
