//Section 9: Cypress Tidbits

Hi, guys, my name is Karthik and I am from Extradimensional Outcome and welcome to our another section
of our Indian Web automation testing in Cyprus course.
And in the section we are going to talk about Cyprus tidbits.
So Cyprus is going to be like a new section and it's going to contain new videos where these videos
are going to be something which is going to be updated most of the time, regardless of other sections
being updated.
So it's going to be like a parallel upgrade that we're going to be doing in this section where we are
going to talk about a specific topic based on the number of request comes from the students like you
are from the community asking the questions like how to do this thing in Cyprus, which is something
available in selenium or any other tool, but it's not available in Cyprus and things of that nature.
So this section is going to be covering those videos or ideas which students like you come up from and
the community, which is requesting a lot.
And then I'll be creating videos on this section.
So these videos that I'm going to be creating today are going to be something which is most requested
among the community.
And that's why I'm just creating this video and I'm going to add one within this particular section.
So anytime if you feel like there is something that is more pressing and it is not something available
within our course, so just feel free to send out the comments and request so that I can probably add
one and it's going to be helpful for the community.
So if you feel like there is some solution for a complex problem, just send me an email or even put
it in the comments or the message so that I can add that particular card in that video mentioning your
name, which is going to be really, really beneficial for everybody within the community.
So let's quickly jump into your file, upload tidbits after day and understand how things work so far
that I'm not flip to my project right now.
All right.
So this is the same project that we are working all these days until the Docker compose and the page
update moral code.
So now I'm just going to go all the way here to my code dot to open my visual studio code and to do
what I'm going to do is I'm going to be working within the file upload project, which we have never
discussed so far.
So the file upload is something which people like the community guys have been talking about, like
how we can achieve that particular operation.
So far that I'm going to go to our website, which actually does this file upload is called Find Uploader
Dot com.
This is the one, the final order dot com slash demos.
So it's just something they have shown, like how we can use JavaScript for our different file uploading.
So I'm basically going to be using the exact same thing.
So as you can see, it has a file upload option where you can choose an image or something like that.
So, for instance, if I want to choose an image which is sitting within my downloads folder, this
image, you can see that it is bringing up in here so you can even drag and drop this particular image
from the downloads if you want, or here.
And now, if I'm just going to drag and drop it over here, you can see it has been uploaded here,
right?
So it's just a drag and drop option as fast as you can even select the particular stuffs.
So in order to work with this kind of operation, there is something called as cyperus plugin for file
upload option.
So I'm just going to search for a Cyprus file upload so you can see that there is a plugin called Cyprus
File Upload.
So you can go over here and you can see that the author has written a very beautiful article on how
to work at it.
So even if it's published like five hours before, which means it is kind of very, very active and
it's really, really cool to see that it is something available.
So it is doing is this there is a fixture that you can read the data from and then you can specify the
file that you want to upload and then you can say the subject type, which is going to be like a drag
and drop, or you can even specify the type as input.
So far, so far, the estimate US input and for the for the one that we had just now for the JavaScript,
we can even do the drag and drop option.
So we'll see quickly how things work.
So I'm just going to copy this NPM and I'm going to go over here to my visual studio code and I'm just
going to paste this guy or here the enter.
And now once everything is there for the Cyprus file upload, if you just go over here to the documentation,
once again, it says that we need to add the command in the commander JASMUHEEN to import this Cyprus
file upload.
It's pretty much like how we did for the other plugins, Commander Jass.
And then I'm just going to put this Briga import here.
I'm just going to save this.
So now everything is looking good.
And now if I just go to the.
Page, again, you can see that this is the code that we should be doing for our file upload options,
right?
So I'm going to be doing is this I'm just going to be adding a file within my project and then we'll
pretty much duplicate the exact same thing, like how Doctor has mentioned.
So I'm just going to go to my integration.
And within this examples, I'm just going to add a new file and I'm going to call this as file upload
dot spec Dargis.
And in this, I'm going to add pretty much exactly the same kind of chord that we were doing before
something like this, and this is the file that we're going to be reading from, and it's going to be
visiting the Demos website, something like that.
And then I need to add the file upload operation so far, the final operation, I'm just going to write
it like file, upload, demo,
and over here I'm just going to add the fixture to read the file.
So this time I'm going to read a file called EAA Weekly Dot PMG.
So this is the area that you're looking at most of the time, all these changes coming in the future.
So I'm just going to be calling that particular file and then I'm just going to read the file content
from there.
So now you're wondering where is this particular idea weekly is all about?
So I will be adding this particular PDF file within my project to here.
So I'll just go here to the fixture and I will just paste the wiki that PNG.
So this is the file that you used to see that every day, every week on the Extradimensional Weekly.
That's exactly where it is.
Right.
And then let me also close this particular context, because it's throwing the header.
And now within this particular fixture, I'm going to start working with the file upload operation.
Right.
So if you go or to this page, you can see there is a button.
So let me just inspect this bigger button.
You can see that this button has like an idea or something like that.
So I can see that it is actually a file upload, manual trigger or something like that.
So I can try getting all these elements from here so you can see that this is the element it is actually
sitting in and it has this particular element.
So maybe what I can do is I just refresh this page because these are the two new images which has been
added here.
So if I inspect so this is the class that we need to be verifying.
And then this particular class we actually have this particular what is called is a button here.
Right.
So I'll probably do that exactly the same thing.
So I just copy this guy and I go over here so Seida get and I'm just going to put in the hash over here
and let's just start run this and see what actually basically happens.
So I'm just going to do it and be Cyprus open and we are going to build from here directly instead of
writing everything in one shot, because it's going to be really hard to follow, like how things works.
So I'm just going to go here to the file, upload spec ops.
It says that it's missing a dependency.
So let me just go over here to the to the node and let's see if I have this particular Cyprus expert
in here.
I think the Cyprus expat is missing.
So I guess we need to probably install the Cyprus expat that it was there before.
So if you see here within the package, our Jason, we don't really have Cyprus expat, but somehow
it has been added.
So maybe it's because of my project mistakes so I can just remove that over here, say it.
And it's two a.m. install.
All right, so now if I just try to open it, there you go.
Now, this should hopefully run.
Yep, it's working fine.
There you go.
So now you can see that it is waiting for The Selecter and Tesfaye and they're just fine.
I was expecting for this and I can select the selector and we'll see what is this particular select
file input looks like.
So I guess like that.
I can copy this guys to the input clipboard and now I can go to the test to the file, upload a spec
here.
So instead of this one, I'm just going to piss this guy.
So it's basically get off button of the cucu upload button selector input and from there I can actually
work so I can just say this and see what's happening.
There you go.
So it's selecting the particular file, which is cool and it's not failing.
So now from here I can actually start working with our what is called ascend upload option.
So, no, if I just type you, you can see that it's a new upload option.
This upload method is something which is new.
It is something industry that we adhere to just now from our plugin.
And within this upload you can see that we have a lot of things like file or array or and then you can
do something like file data and file it out and things of that nature.
So it's like you can even upload a lot of files that if you want.
Right.
So now I'm going to specify something like file content so you can specify the file content if you want.
Again, the file content is going to be the file content that I'm passing in.
So you don't really have to specify file content on file content here.
Again, there is a shorthand.
You don't even have to specify that.
Rather, you can directly have this as just file content.
Right.
And then you need to specify the file name.
So the file name is going to be again, it's going to be the EIA weekly.
Right.
So I'm just going to specify that year weekly and then my immediate type.
So the Miami type is actually it's an image and it's of Panji.
So I'm just going to specify Image and PMG here.
And then I also need to specify the upload type.
So the upload type is going to be something like input, which I'm going to specify the store here.
So once I say this, you can see that currently it is not doing anything in here.
The reason is because I guess it is because of the fact file, because I'm writing the file, but I'm
not entering the file name or something like that.
So maybe what I should do is I should choose some other option.
So I don't this one where it has an option displayed to upload the file, just upload a file.
So I'm just going to copy.
This particular file.
And copy this guy and paste it over here, and I'm going to say this.
Let's see what's really going to happen.
Oops, so let me just close the test again, I think it's because of the catch you remember the one
which we are talking about before.
So I'm just going to stop this completely and open it again.
And now if I try to save this, I guess hopefully this test will run.
There you go.
You can see that it has received this particular file over here.
So it's trying to upload the file right now.
So even if I try to run this again, you can see that it is uploading the file for us right now, which
means it's actually working, but just that there is an error coming in here.
The reason is because the.
You can see here every time I go near here, it is trying to do the upload here, which is an extra
hour throws an error, which is fine.
But it seems like based on the uploader selection that we have selected here, it is actually working
fine, but only problem.
So this is how you can upload a file using this particular upload plugin, which is available within
Cypress.
So once again, thank you very much watching this video and have a great day.
