Hi, guys, my name is Karthik and I am from Misurata, you mentioned Dotcom, and welcome to our another
video of Internet Web automation testing the Cyprus course.
And in this video, we're talking about visual testing with Pursey and Cyprus.
All right, let's get started.
This testing with Percy, visible testing is an automated process of detecting and reviewing visual
changes, teams are replacing manually testing with automation to ensure that websites and applications
always looks exactly as indention.
Well, as it said with Pasay make Cyprus more awesome, because since all these days testing graps visual
changes in UI or even verifying any cosmetic alignments and application UI was harder.
And Pursey makes the integration more smoother and easier right now.
So as that said, the setup of the Cyprus with Pursey is also very, very easy because it's very, very
fluent and much easier to perform all the operation in very, very few commands, something like this.
The first thing we need to do is to install the pursey using this command NPM install hyphen, hyphen,
SafeHaven DoAt per of Cyprus and then begin to import the persons of Cyprus in over Cyprus support last
command.
So this is exactly the same file that we used to install a lot of plug ins and custom commands that
we created in our previous videos of this course.
And then we need to call the Saïd Pursley snapshot method to consume or take a snapshot.
And we can also parse the name if you want.
And again, these are all optional.
If you even if you don't pass the name, it is going to take the it blocks name by itself.
And finally, to run the Pasay, we have to do this.
Pearcey easy hyphen hyphen Cyprus run will make your code run using this Pursey command.
So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm not flip to
my record idee.
All right.
So this is the same product that we were working on previous video up this course.
And as you can see in our previous videos, we were trying to execute our code using the API test,
E.A. Specter, Gere's, Yap's, Roger's file upload and test as a child psychologist.
And we have discussed about Roukema and all those stuffs.
So today what we're going to do is we are going to be working with the perceived not able to see the
visual testing power as well along with our course.
So what we want to do is actually going to be installing the pursey within our project and then I'll
be getting started with all those stuffs.
So the first thing is I'm going to open the item terminal over here and then I'm going to be installing
the pursey.
So for installing, all we have to do is just put the NPM install hyphen hyphens and add Percy Sledge
Cyprus.
So this will install Pursey within our project.
So as you can see you the package of ideas, you will have this pursey Cyprus over here and you can
see that it is installing everything for us.
And it's also installing the node model of puppeteer within our project because it actually uses puppeteer
to take a screen shot behind the scene.
All right.
That's it.
So it seems like the installation has been successfully completed and the next thing to do is to import
the person to Cyprus within our command are just fine.
And the commander, just pilot sitting under our Cyprus support and command are just fine.
So as you can see, this is the file that we are using all these days for file, upload and all the
stuff.
So I'm just going to be using that as well.
I'm gonna save it.
And then we need to use the silent Pursey snapshot method within our code.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to our integration folder here.
Within the examples, you can see that we have many different cores that we have written.
So we're not just try to use them.
So just try to avoid using the Sadaat Percy Snapshot in the before each method.
Rather, you can directly use it all here.
So I'm just trying to import the opposite snapshot and then I'm just going to start using that particular
code.
So as you can see, Cidade, first the snapshot.
Expect the intelligence to work here because that won't really work.
So I'm just going to be putting it over here for this.
And then I also need to take a scan snapshot for the assertion of the code.
So I'm just going to put that or here and then in the app.
I think I can use that over here as well.
So let's see.
Before clicking the benefit, I need to take a snapshot.
And then once it is done, I also need to take a snapshot right over here.
And then for the file upload.
I don't really think we need to do that because we have not did a lot or there.
But I'm just going to be putting it just for our sake of our test execution and tests, which are for
sure.
I don't really require that to be dead because I cannot change anything in the library's website.
So I'm just going to leave that as it is.
And finally, we need to execute this particular code within our pursey.
So what I want to do is for executing this particular card.
If I just go over here with this terminal and let's do this control, see, and I'm just going to do
this.
NPCs
Pursey, easy as we saw in the slide.
I'm just going to use that here.
And then if I try to run this little command, you can see that it is going to say that skipping this
will test Pursey Tolkien was not provided.
So let me just stop this particular stuff here and I will show you what's really happening here.
So basically, in order to communicate with the person, you need to have a authentication with the
person itself.
So basically, I have already created and Percy Token within my test here so I can quickly show you
that.
So it's Pursey that I wrote website.
So you need to go here first.
That I will.
This is the website which is responsible for storing all your visual testing.
You need to sign up with a free account with the Pasay so that you can have all your tests there.
So I have already signed up and I actually have nine days left for my trial to end.
So now if I go to the project settings and you can see that you need to enable this particular stuff
if you want, I just enabled the crown.
And if you come down within the project name, this is the project that you will be creating by default
while you are trying to create a Pursey project for the first time.
That's exactly what I have given here.
And then if you come down here, you have this particular pursey token.
So this is the thing that you need to be using for sitting within your environment variable.
So you do export this particular pursey token for your environment variable.
So I'm just going to copy this guy and then I'm going to go to this terminal.
And then if I say export.
First, the underscore token is equal to this guy, and if I hit enter now you can see that the person
has been exported for me and you can do the exact same thing even in the individuals to the terminal
if you want.
Right.
So something like export policy, underscore token is equal to this.
Right.
And now if you try to run this command and be experts, ETECSA hyphenation, Cyprus run.
So what happens is now you don't see that particular warning, the skipping this will start talking
was not provided.
Rather, it says that creating a bull number 11 for us and it is now running the test for us.
So now what happens is basically all your tests are executing within your local machine, but it is
running along with the policy as well.
So now you have this particular chromium installed while you are trying to install the pursey.
Basically, if you just see here, we we had this particular puppeteer installed and we also had this
particular chromium being downloaded.
So basically behind the scene, it is running like a two instances of test execution.
One is within your electron browser and another one is within the Chrome chromium browser for taking
a snapshots.
So you can see that currently the test is running and you can see that it is saying that there are some
test being failed because for the API testing, we actually require our fake design server to be up
and running just fine.
We don't really have that yet.
I have not initiated that.
But you can see that it is currently executing the other tests for us and it has taken a snapshot for
us, like taking testing off EPA testing site for a session with Hooke's.
And I wanted to quickly go to the first Iowa website and see what's really happening.
So if I go here within our bills, the bill number 11 actually is the one which is currently existing.
You can see it saying receiving bills.
And if I go to this particular build, you can see that currently nothing has really happened because
it is executing the test for us for the first time.
Right.
So once it is executing the test for the first time, that it won't be much of a change.
So here it is, still executing the test for us and it is going to take a snapshot on things.
So once everything is done, I'll be back.
And now you can see that it also shows us a message within the Pursey that the name of each snapshot
must be unique and this name is already exist in the Bird Action File upload demo.

So what happens is, as you can see within the file upload spec Dargis file over here, we have used

this particular person like two times here.

So that's the reason I intentionally made this.
So if you have this personal snapshot available like two times, it basically has to be with the different
names.
So something like it should be like before and then it should be like after something like that.
So if you specify this like that, then it'll be like two snapshots for you.
So if you keep on specifying the snapshot without any name, so it's going to take the first name as
file upload demo.
As you can see in here, file, upload, demo is taken.
But the next snapshot is going to be exactly the same, like the IT blog, and it's going to be throwing
you the error.
And that's the reason you are seeing this particular error.
And right now our test has been struck because the file upload actually requires the code to be executed
with this particular website, which currently something like taken down or something like that.
And it is not recognizing.
So I'm just going to stop this particular test.
And for the sake of our test execution, I'm going to go to this year Abdah Spec Dargis file, which
is the one I'm very interested in.
And I'm going to be taking a snapshot like after I'm just going to be mentioning that or here I'm going
to be executing the same test run.
But this time I'm going to be executing based on just one spec file, which is going to be this guy.
Right, the E.A. Abda Spec Dargis file.
So I'm just going to copy the pad.
I'm just going to be pasting it over here and then I'm going to be executing this.
Oops, I forgot to specify a hyphen from here. All right.
So it's executing only one test right now.
So now if I go here with an hour as it automation project and you can see that we have this particular
build build number 14.
So let's see what's really happening.
So it has finished the test execution and it has it has been failed for some reason, which is OK.
And now let's go ahead and let's try to refresh the.
So you can see that the new snapshot has been created, but nothing has is there to compare with our
existing bill, so that's fine that that's the exact reason why we're actually using the pursey.
So as you can see, we have executed in our positives for the first time with our Cyprus.
And we don't really see any cosmetic change or failure in here for the first time.
So what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to change our year app right now.
So I'm going to go to the file manager and he can see that this is my actual application holstered within
my website.
So I'm going to go and change the version number two version 3.0 in the abode.
But actually the version of the app is let's say it is 2.0 or something like that.
So the developer has missed this particular version and he just changed this to 3.0 or something like
that.
And I have to change this particular cosmetic changes.
And I want to see how it actually recognized by Cyprus with Pursey.
Right.
So I'm just going to do this.
I'm actually going to open a text editor and I'm going to change this to maybe version 3.0 and the 20
courses available or here the source code available.
I'm going to change this to 30 or something like that.
Right.
I'm going to go to the file manager and upload this particular file.
And I'm like, OK.
Upload the file.
Oops.
That's kind of crazy here, and let's do this again, go to the views, go to the home.
I'm going to upload I can upload upload files.
All right.
So now it is uploaded.
And now if I go to the EA Abda Solmi dot com.
So now the version 2.0 will be changed to 3.0 and more than source code.
Prendes has been changed to 30.
You can see that this board has been changed.
It seems to be very, very minor UI change here, which we cannot actually detect by our eyes very quickly.
So for that reason, I'm actually going to use the visual testing, by the way.
So I'm just going to run the exact same test this time.
And you can see how the test actually is going to compare that for us.
And it's going to report as the failure in our screenshot or something like that.
So you can see that the test has been successfully started here and the build has been created by Pawsey
as well.
And I'm going to go to the policy website.
So the number is actually 15 Semenko here and it is still receiving the build.
So let me open that right.
So the test has been successfully completed.
So now if I refresh this build, you can see that we now should have some visual difference, I'd say
is the processing visual differences.
So there are like zero of two screenshots being processed and is currently processing things for us.
There you go.
Something is shown here as a red dot, and that is exactly what is the changes which is available who
are here.
So you can see that that changes, as you can see here, this guy.
Shows that has been changed, so now if you click this, you can see version three and 30, these two
things has been changed.
So this is exactly what Pursey shows us in a visual difference.
Even that is a very minor changes in the UI.
That screenshot compares an algorithm of person who will show us that this is what has been changed
in your applications, cosmetic.
So these are something which we have never did before with our Cyprus.
And these kind of services like Pursey are really, really easy to handle with and work with to compare
the visible changes of UI so that this guy, this how we can perform this will change testing with Cyprus
and Pursey.
And once again, thank you very much watching this video.
And I have a great day.
