So today we are going to talk about changing Browsr behavior with Cyprus events.
If you would like to modify the behavior of your browser, you can do so using what is called browser
events in Cyprus.
So Cyprus emits a series of events as it runs in your browser.
These events are useful not only to control your applications behavior, but also helpful for debugging
purposes.
So the browser launch event is the event that we're going to be talking about today.
So these are helpful to modify the behavior of our browser during its launch time.
For example, the before browser launch is an event which is used to perform that in action before a
browser is launching.
So some of the actions that we'll be talking about today are like maximizing the window of the application.
And you can also do something like incognito mode or set the chrome extension to be executed or during
the initiation of Web browsers and things of that nature.
So these are something that you can do during a browser launch, and these are something which can be
achievable in Cyprus, only using these events, something like browser launch events, which is available
within Cyprus.
And you can leverage a lot of different events of the native Chrome using these events of Cyprus.
So let's wait and see everything in action and understand how things work.
So for that, I'm not flip to my visual studio called Idee.
All right.
So now I'm on my Mac operating system and I'm going to open my Eitam terminal and I'm going to navigate
to the Cyprus folder.
And then I will also open the studio card here.
But before that, I also need to do the NPM install so that I can install all the dependencies required
for my project, so you can see that it is currently downloading all the different dependencies required
for our project.
And then I'm going to use his Australia card to see what's happening within our project.
All right, so now everything is all set here and then I can start using the results to the accord to
start executing our record.
But as you know that every time while we run our record using NPCs Cyprus.
Open and while we try to run anyone off the cord, what happens is it opens the Cyprus and then it executes
the cord in a very, very small window.
So, for instance, the Abdah spec, as you can see here, the window is not fully maximized and it
is in a very small window, as you can see here.
So if you would like to increase the size of this particular window and let's say if we want to run
the whole test in a full screen instead of just running in a small screen, as you can see in here for
doing that, all you can do is you can use the Cyprus event to perform this action against Cyprus event
so you can write in what is called as the index Dargis file of the plugins folder, everything on Cyprus.
So if I just go over here, plug in folder here, we have something called us Index Dargis here.
So if you remember, you know, our previous videos of this cause we already used this on of the file
preprocessor event for the cucumber.
So this is exactly that.
We followed the documentation to just call this particular file, preprocessor event to start with this
particular cucumber method.
And then that initiated everything for us to perform the cucumber action.
And we're going to be exactly doing the same thing this time.
But just that instead of the on file preprocessor this time we are going to be using the before browser
launch event so that before browser launch event is one more event which is available for us to perform
the browser based action.
So I'm just going to pause this argument and within this particular argument, I'm going to perform
that in action.
So for instance, if I want to maximize the browser, so I'm just going to say the browser name and
let's say if it is going to be Chrome browser, then just maximize me the browsers in a full screen
or something like that.
So far doing that, I'll have just called Isaak's dot push method.
So there is a method called push where you can specify the parameters.
Are the arguments something like start small screen and now if you try to run this particular card,
it is going to run your card in full screen mode.
So I'm just going to say this guy here and now, if I go to the Cyprus and now if I run this particular
year, Specter, just basically you expect the Destrehan in a full screen mode.
But what happens is it still runs in the same small screen as you can see here.
The reason is because if you remember every time, well, we run our test using the Cyprus open, it
is square and not in the Chrome browser.
Basically, it is actually running in the electron browser.
So we need to specify that it is going to be running in the electron browser.
So we need to specify one more if condition here, something like this, where you're going to specify
that if the browser name is Electron, then you just specify a performing arts of the full screen to
true.
So I'm just going to say this guy and now let's say if I run this whole test.
Oops, let me take it from here.
Now you can see that the window has become like a full screen here and it is running in a full screen
more.
As you can see, it is not a small screen.
It is running in a full screen mode.
And then it is running the test so fast and so instant that when you specify anything on the before
browser launch event, it is going to make your browser run in a full screen mode.
And similarly, you can perform something like Incognito or load extensions or even you can run your
browser in a different kind of configuration based on however you need.
Again, I tried running the test in the Incognito more.
It basically fails because it expects that the browser to be not in the incognito mode.
That's what Cyprus recommended, because every time, while Cyprus runs the test in a Chrome browser
or in an electronic browser, it runs basically in a new profile.
So it's basically like an incognito mode.
It's not like something which is using the existing catch version or something like that.
So let's say if you specify cardstock push and if you specify incognito and now if I want to run this
particular test on an incognito mode, so I'm just going to switch my attention this time to the Chrome
browser instead of running the electron browser.
So I'm just going to open the item down on here and here.
I'm just gonna type NPLEX Cyperus run and I'm just going to specify the hyphen hyphenates back.
And this time I'm going to choose let's say it.
I respect Dargis.
I'm just going to copy this path and I'm going to face the door here and then I'm going to specify the
browser to be Chrome.
And let's see if it really opens the test to be running an incognito mode instead of running within
it does it really seems to be picking up the Incognito model.
So if I go back to the next hour, Jass here, we also make this guy as a start full screen so that,
you know, like what I'm really doing here.
So I'm just going to say with this guy and let me run this particular test on the, uh, full screen.
So I'm expecting the test to be running full screen this time.
So let's see what's going to happen. No.
So it's not really picking up the full screen either.
The reason is because I think what I did is like as you can see, we have not returned the arguments,
something like this one.
So we need to return the arguments.
If not, it is not going to be running for us as expected.
So now if I just return the arcs as this and now if I try to enter, you can see that it is going to
run the test for us in the Chrome browser that do in the full screen mode.
So as you can see now, I'm running the test on the full screen more so now I have to enter.
So as you can see this time, it is opening the test for us in full screen mode instead of in a small
screen that was happening before.
So if you don't return the arcs, then it is going to be a running and not in the full screen.
Rather, it is going to run in the normal default mode, as we were seeing before.
Right now, I'm just going to close this test for the sake of time and I'm going to change the argument
to run in an incognito mode as well.
So I'm just going to save this guy to run in the incognito mode and also in the full screen.
So now if I try to run that, you will see what's really going to happen.
So I can see that it has opened in the full screen and you can see that the test is not running, so
basically now, as I said before, that incognito mode is not supported in the cypress with the Chrome
browser.
Basically, the reason is because by default, Cyprus opens in a fresh profile.
So it is not going to support this particular incognito model.
So as you can see that this proves the point that you can change the behavior of the browser during
your initiation.
Right.
So this is how things works in Cyprus with the before browser launch event.
And you can keep on changing and even extending the browsers behavior as much how you want.
So this is the guy, guys, once again, thank you for writing this video and have a great day.
