Hi, guys, my name is Karthik and I am from Misrata, mentioned outcome, and welcome to our next tidbits
of Entin Automation testing with Cyprus course.
And this will be talking about understanding same origin policy and working with Ephram's in Cyprus.
So there have been so many questions from community like you asking what is the same margin policy and
how to work with iFrame in Cyprus, because it seems like it is not working under the box or there is
no inbuilt method to support iFrame if you do really want to use that.
So the same margin policy is something which is there in all the browsers or browsers adhere to a strict
samisen policy.
This means that the browser restricts access between the frames when their origin and policy do not
match.
So for instance, if your iFrame in your application is something that holds a different website within
itself, something like you're going to do a Google login authentication or something like that, or
maybe Azura authentications, those stuffs will not work in Cyprus.
Another box, and there is a reason for that.
So because Cyprus works from within the browser, Cyprus must be able to directly communicate with your
remote application and all the time.
That's of course, working.
Unfortunately, browsers naturally tried to prevent Cyprus from doing this.
That's the problem.
So to get around these restrictions, Cyprus implements some strategies involving JavaScript called
the browser internal APIs and the network promising to play by the rule of same margin policy.
So it's our goal to fully automated the application under test without you needing to modify your applications
code.
And we are mostly able to do this.
That's not exactly Cyprus tells to the user.
And the problem with the same margin policy and the Cross Origin II frames are something which is really,
really problematic.
And this exactly applies to selenium itself.
So it's not just for Cyprus.
Even selenium has the same problem, but selenium just bypasses the same margin policy in many cases
if your iFrame has a different website or something like that.
But in Cyprus, there is a different way to work around with that, which we will be discussing in our
upcoming videos.
But for today, we are going to be working with the crossdressing Ephraim's.
So if you remember the site of an iFrame that is a cross argin frame, Cyprus will not able to automate
or communicate with this iframe.
For example, as I told before, if you're entering a YouTube video or displaying a credit card or displaying
no login for the odd are showing a commons of skills.
So all these problems are going to be happening if that is not going to be typing or interacting with
those controls within that particular iFrame.
And the reason is because the iFrame is from a different website.
So it is not from the side that you are automating.
Rather, the site is going to be from a different domain by itself.
So for that reason, Cyprus is going to completely suppress that particular option and we are not able
to automate those options.
So we are going to be working with the iFrame in this particular video just a little bit.
You understand how to switch your context to the iFrame while working with it, but not exactly how
to deal with the YouTube video or credit card information because those are currently not supported
by Cyprus.
You cannot able to communicate with that.
Rather, you should call Zagar to perform this operation.
So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm not flip to
my item terminal right now.
All right.
So you can see that my item terminal has been opened here.
And as usual, I'm going to be going to the Udemy Cyprus folder and here I'm just going to open my visual
studio code.
So as you know, all these videos we were discussing about the different kinds of operation that we
have discussed until our last video.
And in today's video, we are going to be working with the EPHRAM'S so far, working with the iFrame
is what I'm going to basically do is I'm going to quickly create a simple website this time so that
I can show you how it actually works.
So I'm going to create a local website and there is a trick as well.
And so I'm going to show you how to work with the local websites within you or Cyprus, and we really
think about that as well.
So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create an iFrame app.
It's going to be a very, very super simple app, by the way.
And I'm just going to call this iFrame app Testim.
So this is an Hestia page and I'm going to add some of the content into that particular page, something
like this, so you can see that it expects me to pass a Cyprus iFrame.
All right.
So we need to have that as well.
And since I'm creating this outside of the Cyprus, I'm probably going to remove this guy over here.
All right.
And then I'm going to have this iFrame that has HTML as well.
So I'm going to create one more file.
I'm going to call this as iFrame Doc Westmount and then I'm going to copy paste some of the cards that
I have already written.
I'm just going to say, oh this.
And if you tried to access this particular e-mail file, it's basically going to work again, it's going
to be a super simple and normal thing.
So if I just tried random people, guy, it's going to work anyways.
So I'm just going to save this and then I'm gonna write a test for this particular stuff.
So if writing the test again, I'm going to write a very, very super simple test this time.
And the test is going to be something that is going to navigate to the page and that is going to perform
an operation over there.
So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go to the integration and examples and here I'm going
to create a file.
I'm going to call this iframe dot spec dot J.S. and then I'm going to write the code, something like
this.
So it's going to have before each.
And then I'm going to write an ID block here.
I'm going to call this as.
Perform iFrame data entry, and then here I'm going to type some value for the text box, so let's quickly
see if all the code that I have written so far actually works fine without any problem.
So I'm just going to save this and then I'm going to open the terminal here and then I'm going to just
type in Cyprus.
Open and I'm going to hit the enter, so that's gonna open the Cyprus for us.
But before that, we also need to make sure that we run this particular NPM install, because I have
actually and I did that.
So as of now, it's working, but it may complain some error.
So make sure that you do npm install before you run this particular stuff.
All right.
So now the test has been open here and I'm going to go to the iFrame spikenard not file to run that
so you can see that there is a new version available in Cyprus.
We actually need to have that particular version because it's currently pretty new so we can run that
as well.
And you can see that some of the versions are not being supported with the older version of the Cyprus.
So if I run that, you can see that it says that the browser was not launched, the Cyprus test cannot
run.
Right.
So if I just select if I just stop and say if I change this electron and the electron version is also
59, just kind of old.
So we actually can update to the latest version to get the electron to sixty one, which is also going
to be awesome.
All right.
So as of now, this is running, but trying to update them is going to be a good idea.
So you can see that it is currently trying to visit the iFrame.
Aha.
So it says that it's failing and it's Abdel-Hamid dot com.
It's not the one.
So you can see it fails and the reason is because the abdel-hamid dot com slash iframe and so it takes
that.
And the reason is because we have actually given that in our Cyprus Dages and fire for the base you
are so the base you are specified here, then it is going to take this particular location for running
that particular file anyways.
So as of now I'm just going to remove this guy, I'm just going to save this and then I'm just going
to hit tab.
And now if I just try to run this particular test, you can see that it will open the page right now
like this.
Right.
So this is just for now.
So make sure that you reward that particular base.
You are all back because the other test requires that base you are.
So you need to have that as well.
So now you can see that we had a pretty good iFrame.
So there is a text box here and there's a text within the speaker iFrame.
So if we try to inspect this guy, you can see that this is an iFrame and it has a frame of it as frame
like this.
Right.
So you can also do a developer tool to see that.
But since this is going to be like a.
Uh, Latrun Browsr, it's not that great, but I can still show you that so I can just click this.
And if I go or here, you can see that this guy is an iFrame, then it's a frame.
Right.
So now we have to go into this picture frame to type the value because we cannot directly type the value
if you don't find this particular iFrame anyways.
So if doing that, we are going to be writing the code right now.
So I'm just going to go back.
So as of now, just bear with me.
I'm going to be using the older version of electrons, just 59, and then we need to update this particular
cyperus to three point three point one, which is the latest version released yesterday, so that we
can have all the different features that we were using before.
So first thing I'm going to do is like, say, dot gift.
And within this get I'm going to type the hash to name, just file a text box.
And then within that I'm going to type of value Cyprus.
Right.
But if I want to type a value within an iFrame, how do I do that.
So for typing a value within an iFrame, the easiest way is to first of all find the iFrame itself.
So I'm just going to find this iFrame with the same name with inside this frame.
I was in this frame.
I'm just going to do this iframe of this guy and here I am.
Now you should be understanding what I'm trying to do here.
So I'm just going to get this particular body as data iframe dot.
I'm going to get all its contents.
You can see that it is.
And then this condron I'm going to find its body.
So if I could able to find its body I will get all the value out from this.
And with this I can also do one more thing.
I can also do raap of Dottore.
So you can see that what I'm trying to do now drop off Dollard body.
So maybe I can just do this.
I can create a different line here, which is going to be even more easier to understand.
Dotter body dot eyes.
I'm going to store this guy as iframe so now I'm going to store everything into the areas and once store
that then I can retrieve this particular alias, something like get at iFrame like this and then I can
find the control out from this particular guy.
So you know that the control for this particular iFrame is going to be something different.
All right.
So let me stop this guy and let me run this again.
I remember it's actually text box, if I'm not mistaken.
This guy is a tech name within iFrame, so I can just do that as well to name within frame and then
I'm going to type a value out into this particular control.
So that type value time limit I Digance let's say text within iframe.
There you go.
So this is the only thing that I have to do to type of value within this particular iFrame and now let's
see what's really happening.
There you go.
You can see that it's currently running as well.
Once I hit that you can see type the value within the next box and also I type the value within this
particular iFrame which is pretty cool.
So that's a guy, this is how we can actually work with an iFrame within Cyprus and this is how we can
switch the context from the actual body to the Ephram's body, and then we can find the element of that
and store them within an alias and then we can perform an operation pretty much like how we did for
the tables and stuff within our Cypress course.
So once again, thank you very much for watching this video.
In our next video, we'll get the latest and the greatest changes of Cyprus, three point three point
one.
Thank you.
