Hi, guys, my name is Karthik and I'm from Automation Dotcom, and welcome to another video for Cyprus
Course.
And today I'm very excited to see Cyprus has released a new version, which is version 3.0, that one,
a complete Buckfast version of Version 3.0 because 3.0 released like a couple of weeks before.
And there were a couple of bucks, which was mentioned by the community.
And Cyprus team heard that.
And they released this three point three point one version.
So let's quickly see all the different changes in Cyprus version 3.0 to that one and also see where
the bug fixes that the team has made and the new feature they have introduced.
So there are many bug fixes and few features introduced in this version as well.
And some of the notable features are version 3.0 3.0 instead of three point three one one.
Are these support for how focus not have focus, be focused and not be focused is a new assertion.
Libraries, which was introduced in three DOT 3.0 and there are some bugs which was reported by the
community and it's now fixed.
It's kind of working right now, which we'll be seeing in this area as well.
Requests that go through site, visit and site at request are automatically retried under the hood when
the request fails.
So this is more closely reflects the chromes default behavior on request, which is something the community
reported in the bug and it is now fixed.
So you can see that if their website fails, for some reason, Cyprus quickly throws that or without
even waiting as if like a Chrome browser does that the default behavior of Chrome by itself.
Cyprus was just overwriting that and now it's kind of fixed.
And we will see the demo for this particular stuff as well and then site our visit on site.
Requests are now now supports a new option to retry on status quo or failure.
So you can also wait for a status quo failure, for instance, like five hundred or a four four or something
like that.
You can wait for that and then you can report the test to fail.
So you can do that as well.
A kind of boolean flag, but you can set that to true.
The default behavior is false.
And then the type now supports a special kind of sequence, something like an insert page up and down.
I guess these are something which is not there in many different tools and it is currently supported
with Cyprus, which is really, really well coming.
And finally, Cyprus now automatically leads from your systems, has to be proxy, has to be a proxy.
I know proxy environment variables and proxies to Africa according to Cyprus, based on these values,
which is also very, very cool.
So you can also set some Cyprus proxies and all of those stuffs in Cyprus, version 2.0 are zero and
three and one and some more features which I personally like is something like this.
You can see that you can download the chromium from the Cyprus runner, which is cool, and then you
can also see the options, which is nothing but the site, the visit or site at request options within
your developer console or something like this.
Sounds like retry on status quo, a failure to set a true.
You can see that the one which I set is also coming in here.
And also you can see the proxy's settings within the settings tab of the Cyprus runner, which is also
pretty cool.
So this proxy settings shows you that what are the proxy settings that you have made for your execution
within the Cyprus Dages on file?
It's going to be displayed within this particular window as well.
So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm not open my
item terminal.
Right.
So now I'm on my Mac operating system and then I'm going to open the item terminal and as usual, I'm
going to go to the Udemy Cyprus and then I'm going to open the visual studio code.
All right.
So this is our business studio card.
This is the card that we saw in our previous video.
So which is cool.
And now within our, let's say, for seeing how the how focused and how not focused assertion works,
I'm actually going to show you that, as you know, that this is the version 3.0 1.0.
So if you go to the packages on file, the Cyprus is in very, very older version, which is Cyprus
3.0, not five, but two or three.
That one has been released yesterday.
So we need to see that as well.
So in order for that to be done, I can quickly show you how the older versions actually are.
In our previous video, we saw that the Chrome version was not supported.
The latest version, which is seventy four and also electronic browser, was 58.
So it was not something updated as well.
And similarly, all the different problems that we had is currently being addressed within this particular
version.
So I can quickly show you the older version problems and how it has been fixed in the newer version.
So you can see this is the older version of Cyprus.
You can see there is an update available.
I can do that bit from here as well.
Bertran version is 59, which is snagging and the Chrome 74.
And also if you go to the settings, you can see there is nothing called a proxy settings in this particular
version.
Right.
So I will quickly see all these things in our video by upgrading the Cyprus latest version.
So I'm just going to do and NPM Cyprus update.
So this is going to update my Cyprus to the latest version in this particular project.
I'm going to hit oops, NPM Update Cyprus.
It's not NPCs in Cyprus update.
So there you go.
You can see that it is getting the latest version right now and three point three point one is installed.
And you can see that the version number has been changed here.
Pretty cool.
And now if I try to run the NPCs Cyprus Open, you can see all the different changes that we discussed.
So you can see this window has been updated as well.
And you can see that Tron is now 61, which is pretty cool.
You can see it's currently running, which is awesome.
So now I'm just going to also like this because settings you can see there is a proxy setting, which
is a new setting, which was not there before.
It has come here as well.
All right.
And then if I go to the help, you can see that we have this sundowner chromium option.
So you can choose that.
And you can see there is a new window being opened here in the browser and you can see the different
kinds of booths available that you can download and you can try out as well.
Right.
So these are the things which is new to this particular Cyprus runner guys.
So I'm just going to close this one and now I'm going to.
Yeah.
About spec here.
Right.
And then within this particular app, we can quickly see what are the things that we can do so far in
the sense if I want to wait for this particular text box to get focused or something like that.
So let me go to this particular login, which is there within our command, our JS here.
Right.
And within this particular command, you can see that we type the site.
I'd get type of this particular user name and then the password.
So what if I want to before typing the user name?
I want to also verify that whether this particular text box has got focused so far doing that, I can
just do hash username.
So we did not have this particular section before and now we have it should then we can just do half
dot focus.
So if it is focused then you try to type this particular value.
Right.
So I'm just going to say this guy right now and the test, which I want to run is this year Abdah spec
so so year Abduh Specter is is going to open that.
Let me close.
And let's see what's going to happen.
Oops.
Oh, yeah.
So this is a problem as well.
So there is a new problem will happen with the Halloween theme.
You can see it became white instead of the black color.
The reason is because the Halloween theme is currently not supported with our new version of Cyprus.
So we need to probably remove that guy from from the plug in that we have used.
So if I go to the index, Dargis here, I mean to remove this guy, sadly, this particular Halloween
theme has to be updated, which is not.
And that's the reason it is actually fading.
All right, cool.
So we're getting this picture error, which is something we know already because we have removed the
base.
You are in our previous video.
So I'm going to go back to my Cyprus start, Jason.
And if you remember, we removed this particular base, Yoro, from here.
So it's going to be best Yoro, which is going to be the year app that Somme dot com.
Come on, I'm going to save this guy.
Right.
So now if I go back to my Cyprus here and then if you go to the chaptered Specter Jass, you can see
it's going to launch the app is Yapper Swami dot com.
And then you can see that it's performing the operation and you can see that it is just performing an
assertion here and it expecting it to be focused.
So the thing is like it is not focused and that's the reason the test has got fail.
Right.
So now if I just it's waiting.
If I put a focus and you can see that it is currently running, so meaning the assertion of how focused
is actually working in here.
Right.
And also, the good thing about the visit this time is if I go to the visit, you can see that it shows
me the there is all the walls and stuff, but it also shows you if you use any options here and then
it will show you that option as well.
So I can quickly show you the option of the visit that we saw in our slide so far.
Doing that, I need to replicate that particular problem of shutting down our application and see what's
really happening.
So far doing that, I'm actually going to go to my year after Salmi dot com and I'm going to shut the
website down for a few minutes.
So let me stop the website.
So I'm doing in my other window, and now if you try to access that year abda dot com within your browser,
you can see that you are going to get this picture error has GDP four or three forbidden.
So I have turned off the Ibrahimy dot com globally, so you can't even access that.
So now I'm just going to say this guy.
Right.
And now if I see what's really happening, you can see it's pretty quick.
Like within 24 second, the test has got paid less than 20, less than one second, I guess.
But this has got field.
Right, which was pretty fast because of this for three letter, so in order to overcome this particular
problem, the team has introduced a new way of failing the particular application which is available
within the site.
So if I just put a camera and if I just open up parenthesis here.
You can see there is something called us retreat on network failure or retreat on status called failure,
so you can choose any one of them if you want.
So as of now, let's say, if I want to choose the status quo or failure, I'm all set this to true.
So the default behavior is false.
So I'm telling the truth.
And now you can see that it is currently waiting for the time out period.
Not like point to for second.
Rather, it has waited for like six seconds before.
It says that it has got failed.
Right.
So this was not the behavior before.
And with this particular flag, the property, it is currently supported.
So I'm just going to turn on our website.
It's currently being shut down by me.
It has been restored.
And now if I tried to run that, you can see that the site actually is up and running.
So I don't see what's going to happen.
You can see it has got some responses.
That's why it is still waiting for the app to be loaded.
There you go.
Which is pretty cool.
And the test is running without any problem.
Amazing.
So this is another option which is available, which was introduced in Cyprus throughout throughout
one, and the final thing is within the console.
If I just go to the set here, you can see that we now have an option.
So this option shows you like what are the options that are used within this visit, though?
The option is like retrade on status quo or failure.
This is also been shown with the newer developer console, which just amazing.
So these are the new things which was introduced by Cyprus through the third one.
And I kind of like all these feature.
And some of the new features like proxy's are all very, very useful.
I can show you the demo of proximity in my machine, but if you are working in our office computers
and if you are behind the firewall and if you want to use a proxy to run a test, you can use the proxy
settings, which was introduced by Cyprus, which is pretty cool and awesome.
So you can try that out as well.
So once again, thank you very much for watching this on new features of Cyprus through and through
that one.
Once again, thank you very much for watching this video and thanks for buying the course.
Have a great day.
