//Section 10: Cypress reporting

So today, we are going to be discussing about one of the most important topic of our Indian automation
testing, the Cyprus course, which is nothing but our Cyprus reporting.
And this is one of the most important topics that we have not discussed, no Cyprus cause.
And the reason are because there are many problems that we had with the Cyprus reporting.
But the new update of Democracy six, which happened while I released this course, and now the fix
has been made and it is available for the public use, which means we can now use the Morcos with our
Cyprus reporting, which is nothing but the most awesome reporting.
So we are going to be discussing about Mocca awesome reporting in this whole video.
Cyprus reporting.
Cyprus is built on the top of Mocca, as we already know.
That means any reporter built for Mocca can be used with Cyprus.
So here is a list of Building McHardy Borders, which is available, something like Spek and then X
unit and Jasen and Jasen Stream and J Unit and Hesterman Report and etc. So there are many different
reports available and the one which we are going to be discussing is going to be the more awesome Hesjedal
reporting and the unit reporting.
So these are some of the most common reporting system, which is something you can integrate continuous
integration system, something like Circleville or Jenkins' or Team City and things of that nature.
So you can keep on working with these kinds of continuous integration systems with these reportings.
So the Mukasa is a custom reporter for use with the JavaScript testing framework Moka.
It runs on notice and works in conjunction with Moka ASM Report generator to generate a standalone Hesterman
Sears's report to help visualize your test runs.
So basically using this Mocca awesome reporter, you get a very neat Hesterman standalone report and
you can see how easy it is to read through your report.
And you can also make use of the McCausland report for many different purposes, something like connecting
with the continuous integration system and looking at the report from there and some of the features
the Moccasin reporter has got is something like a simple, clean and modern design, beautiful charts,
support for test and test suite nesting display before and after Hooke's review dress code in line Statler's
for failed test.
And there are many other features which I have not listed here because you can look at the MCG awesome
reporting GitHub page to understand all of the different feature and report basically provide.
But we are going to be working on that right now.
Along with that, starting from Cyprus 2.0, Cyprus exiguous each Speck's in an isolation.
This leads to Mocca generates a separate test report for each specification file that we actually execute.
Thus, there is no out of the box solution to generate one.
Mocca awesome report for all your specification that is available within your test.
But in order to make all the spec as one file, we need to install one more package, which is called
Mocca as a merge.
So basically this Mukasa merge is one more open source package which is used to merge all the jasen
file, which is generated from the Moka awesome reporter.
So, as that said, we need to install the following packages today to have our reporting up and running
without any problem, something like Mocca and Cyperus multi reporter Moka Awesome Morcos emerge and
make awesome report generator.
So you can see that the version which is listed in here in the slide or the most latest version to date
for all these packages, which is available currently.
But this may change in a few days or maybe in a few months, but I don't think there will be any breaking
changes for our test to fail or our report not to be generated.
Finally, the reporting options are something the Moka awesome reporting editor has something like it
has the report directly where the Mocca report has to be sitting.
It has something called as quiet.
All right.
HESTA a.m. and Jasen Flag, which is used to perform the actions.
As you can see, the property itself is pretty straightforward and understandable of how it actually
going to work.
So let's quickly see everything in action and understand how things work so far that I'm to flip to
our business studio called Project right now.
All right.
So this is our business studio record, and this is a project that we have been working so long in our
cause.
And the reporting on we're going to do is I'm just going to change our package to our days on file that
we have already.
So as you can see, all the packages on file does not have Mocca or Cybersmart reporter Armacost or
something like that.
So I am going to be adding all these packages right now over here as we saw in the slide.
And then I'm going to be installing all these packages, something like Mocca, Cyprus Multi Reporter,
Moka, ASRM, Mirch and reporter and editor.
And once again, you'll understand why the Cyprus multi reporter Suddenlink comes in, whereas we already
have something called as Moka, OSM or Moco merge.
Well, Cyprus military border is something it acts as a reporter, which is used to generate the multiple
jasen file on the fly during the execution.
So if you go to the Google and then search for the Cyprus Monthly reporter, you'll actually get the
detail of what that actually means.
And Cypress Mountain reporter and you can see it says, generates multiple Mocca reports in a single
mock execution.
So while you executed a test, it is going to generate something like this.
You can also see this in your console output if you want, if you specify that in the reporter Cyprus
multi border.
So this is how the design file is going to be looking like.
And this is what is going to be generating.
And that's exactly the Cyprus Malta report is going to do and have added to that as well.
Once we have everything in here, instead of installing each and everything, like a dependency I'm
going to do is I'm going to delete the package Lakhtar design file and I'm going to delete the node
module over here so that it can install things for me manually.
And then I'm just going to go and install over here so that it is going to install all the packages
for me once again in my project.
There you go, the installation is done right now.
I know I'm going to change our Cyprus Dages on file as well.
So as you can see in our previous videos, we created the Cyprus Dages on file to hold our video screenshot
folders, baserunners and stuff.
So for this demonstration, I need to add the reporting's where it is going to have the reporting setting
for our execution that we are doing so far.
The reporting, the first thing need to do is the report itself.
So basically, the reporter that I'm going to be using is nothing but the Cyprus multi reporter.
So this is the reporter, which is not even mentioned in the documentation of Cyprus.
Rather, there is something called a small committee reporter they try to use.
But the more common the reporter is not currently supported.
And if and even if you try to use it, it is going to throw you an error and the issues still exist.
And that's the reason Cyprus Malta reporter comes in action.
And this is kind of very, very latest and it has been supported right now.
So this is what we are going to be using in this demonstration.
And as that said, we then need to have what is called as a reporter options.
So within this reporter options, we can specify the options that we need to be executing for our report.
And once again, the reporting option is something that we saw in our slide while we were discussing
about that.
And that's exactly what I'm going to be using for this reporting option as well.
So instead of holding the reporting option over here to make this particular jasen file even more better
or even readable, I'm going to hold the config file in a different place.
I'm going to call this as.
Reporter options, so this reporter option charges and file is going to be holding all our configurations
that we're going to be making.
I'm going to go over this new file creation.
I'm going to name this as reporter options star Jayson Allerton This Jasen file.
I'm going to be creating our reporting options.
So this is where I'm going to be specifying what are the different kinds of reporters that we need to
be enabling.
So basically in this video, we are going to be seeing how we can enable the Mocca awesome report.
So I'm just going to say more awesome.
And then we need to specify the most awesome reporting options, something like the reporting directories
and stuff.
So basically, I'm going to be giving all this stuff over here.
And in order to farmand this document, I can format something like this.
And as I've said, as you can see the reporting directly, something like Cyprus Reports and Mocca,
I'm going to create a folder within the Cyprus.
I'm going to call this as reports.
And the Moka folder is going to be created automatically during the execution that we will be doing
so as of now.
Don't worry about it.
I'm just going to leave.
This is over here, right?
So once everything is done, the next operation is to add additional configurations in the package DaGian
file, and then we need to execute this whole test so that we can see how the report is going to look
like we'll be doing in our next video.

