In this video, we're going to be talking about the Mockingjay unit reporter, so using the molcajete
unit reporter, we can actually generate the same kind of reporting that we saw with the awesome report.
But just that this is going to be like an GAO unit report, which we can use to integrate within any
one of the continuous integration system.
So I'm just going to open the safari and I'm going to show you what this molcajete report is going to
look like.
So as you can see, this has been updated like six days before with all those fixes that we have mentioned
before.
And you can see that it is going to generate the molcajete unit reporter.
And you can also see there are many different kinds of configurations and parameters that you can pass
in something like you can pass the Mocca file and you can specify the two console so that you can set
the Truthy value to be produced as an example file to be logged in the console.
And then you can also use the full suite title and you can specify the output and you can specify the
attachment if you want.
And you can also see there is something called the Jenkins model.
As I said, this is something for the continuous integration systems as well.
So you can do all sort of stuff using the J unit reporter pharmaco.
And we are going to be installing this particular package in this video and we'll see how it works.
So the first thing, as I said, is going to be installing the molcajete unit reporter.
So as you can see, it is currently installing and we have this mortgage reporter over here and this
is the latest and the greatest version to date.
All right.
And after that, we're going to go to the reporter option over here.
And I'm going to set the reporter enabled to have the Mocca GAO unit reporter as well.
And within this, I'm going to set the molcajete reporters reporter option.
So, as I said, the options, which I'm going to be specifying this time, is going to be the Mocca
file and then the two console option.
So the mobile phone is going to be sitting within the Cyprus reports and the unit folder.
And then I'm going to specify the two consoles as true so that it is going to also show that for us
in the console so that you can view that as well.
And now I'm just going to run this whole test and I will show you how it is going to look like.
So once I execute this in Big Cypress run off browser called the Chrome, so you should see the browser
being sponte.
And we can see if the reporter actually has a new folder called J.
In it.
In it.
There you go.
Now you can see that there is something called J in it, and it's also creating the report for us in
here, which is pretty cool.
So you can see that this is the GeneDx report.
It shows like what is the test and how it is being executed?
What is the class name?
What are the number of failures being happened and what is the time that test is being executed and
things of that nature.
So it's going to keep on generating for each and every spec that it is executing the test.
And the report is going to be coming in here for us for each and every execution that we are doing.
So this is how we can make use of the GAO unit test reporter within our reporter option over here.
So this is the molcajete reporter for us, guys.
