Hi, guys, today we're going to talk about how we can actually fix the issue with generating the most
awesome report with Cyprus, if you have seen we have some issues while you try running the command.
And this is happening because of the breaking changes with the Moccasin report.
So we fix that and I will show you how easy it is to do it.
So in order to do that, we first need to download the source code.
So I'm just going to download the source code from the courts right away and it is going to be extracted
or here.
So let me go and grab that.
And you can see that all the libraries that we have used on the particular project is quite older because
the project that we used while it was in Cyprus, three oh, and now we are almost in Cyprus, seven
to something like that.
So we have to change everything to the latest and greatest of everything.
So I'm actually going to be changing the project to the latest and greatest of everything with all the
different package files that we have used.
So I'm actually going to do that right now.
So I'm just going to replace all the files over here.
You can see that we're currently using.
So you can see the current divisions in the Cyprus version through that 1.0, Cyprus seven DOT 2.0 and
everything is kind of pretty new.
And with Mocca awesome report, there are some breaking changes happened.
And that's what we can talk about, the MOCA or some merge report.
So if you just search for the Mocca awesome merge NPM like that, so you will see there is this thing
coming up.
So if you just click that over here, you can see that there are some breaking changes happened starting
from version 4.0 because there is no report directly available or directly available.
And that's the reason that you will be seeing the issues.
And there are some discussions going on from the student in this particular course as well on their
question and answer.
So I'm just going to fix that issue this time.
So what to do to fix this particular issue is all we need to do is we need to change the Mocca merge.
The report directory, as you see over here, is not kind of relevant right now because the report directory
is the one which is actually creating the problem because we don't really have the report directory
at the moment.
So let's try to get rid of that.
And the next piece of lines of code is going to remain the same.
But I just need to add, because I'm using the Mac and one and I need to add the full path or something
like that.
If not, it is not working.
So to add that one and the rest of the things remain the same.
But just at this time, we are going to do a bit of change in terms of the file being outputted.
So instead of doing in this way, we also need to generate the e-mail file, which you can do using
a new command for the MOCA's march, which is nothing but Dimmock Awesomes report generator.
You can see that is going to go search for all the Jasen files.
And there is a report directly, at least on this one, like awesome.
And then the ISO directory is this one and there is a report page title just going to be this one.
So if you have all these details, then it is going to help us generated.
So that's it.
This is the only change that we need to do.
And I'm going to quickly download all the files on it.
We just delete the packets, log on and I'm going to do NPM install.
Oops.
Can I just quit it.
Control s.
Yeah.
And and install.
All right, once it is done, all you need to do is to run the script, that we have to generate the
report and see how it actually works.
So in order to do that, all I'm going to do is NPCs run Cyprus.
So if I do that, this is going to start running the Cyprus for me.
Oops.
I just need to do this in Cyprus run and if I just hit enter, this is going to start running the test
for me.
All right, the test has been completed successfully, Bedau, 11, failed.
We don't have to worry about the failures here, but we could see that there are so many passing tests
as well.
And now the whole idea is to see how the combined reports and the generate report is actually working.
So not to do that, I'm actually going to do this node run of combine
reports and you will get this error like there is an error combining the report.
The reason is being because if you remember in our earlier lecture or our earlier videos of this course,
we actually didn't pass the JS on file, which is being generated on the Mocca folder.
So if you go to the Cyprus and if you go to the reports and the Moka, you see there are so many jasen
files and there is a microcosm for this one.
So we need to combine these reports to generate a single report charges on file.
So we actually need to give all the different jasen files like this over here.
So let me just say this.
And now if I try running the no NPM run combine reports over here, you will see that it is working
fine without any problem.
So this is the one thing which is also being changed.
And our earlier command, which was not something we did before, now that's changed.
So you can see that there is a report on file being generated, which is quite good.
And then I can just do not run once again.
Sorry, not of run of the generate report.
And if I hit oops, we get this error.
Let me just do this npm run off to generate
a report.
There you go.
It's working fine.
So you need to give this npm run off to generate report, to generate a report and it should be working
fine.
So if you use this command node run option report, it's not going to work.
So you just need to give the NPM a run off generate report to actually see how it is working.
And there we have this this file is being generated.
So you can see there is this Moka awesome over here and there is this report that Hesterman file.
So let me try to open this up on the finder, just this one.
And if I just open this guy, you will see that we get this whole error report, as well as the parsing
report for the tests that have we have executed.
And it is just showing us everything over here on the nice little feature, which is quite cool.
So this is how we can actually make use of our new code change, as well as the command change on the
combined report.
Assaults generate a report in the Cyprus for the Moka Awesome Mod Report and the Awesome Report.
Hopefully that helps the problem that you are facing at the moment and that resolves the issue that
you are facing.
Thank you.
