And I'm going to flip back to item terminable where I'm just going to run this particular test, so
for running this test, I'm just going to do this.
I'm just going to run NPK Cyperus run.
And then the specification file, the specified that I will run this time is going to be the year after
spectrographs files.
I'm just going to copy the relative Pat.
I'm just going to paste this over here and then I'm just going to pass the EMV.
Well, the EMV is going to be the one that we have just created within our indexed charges filed here,
which is going to be the name.
So I'm just going to use the name is equal to Kuai and maybe I want to set the browser to Chrome just
to see that visually.
And now if I try to execute this particular code, basically it should open up the year Abda Salmi dot
com website and then it should run the test for us.
And you can see that this time it's just opening the summit outcome, which is going to be pretty much
exactly the same way, how it basically works.
Oh my God.
I don't know whether the application is really running online so I can try to run in Sekine.
Hmm, seems like the apass down or something for some reason.
So let me just check this online pretty quickly.
And you saw me dot com.
They got working, so maybe I'll try this again.
Interesting, so it seems like it's not working, or at least this proves the point that it opens the
summit outcome.
We'll come back to the problem that we are facing it right now.
But I can quickly show you what if I paused the environment from name as Kuai to Deve?
And now if I tried to exclude this, this should open the executed automation dot com website for me.
And you can see that it shows me that it couldn't be able to locate the extradimensional dot com.
And there is this undefined and this is the reason that we actually got the error as well.
Well, the error is happening because there is an undefined coming in and the reason is because we actually
have this problem.
So if I if I just try to execute even without any one of these environmental variables and now if I
just try to run this.
You can see that it says that we invoked the function exploited by the plug in offering next hour just
fine, but throw an exception and it says there is no failure directly off, undefined does Dartez on
file.
So basically it is trying to look for a jasen file like named as undefined, and then it wouldn't be
able to find that.
Well, that's exactly what happened.
I would try to append as well.
So basically, if you see there is a there is this configuration 411, but what if there is no environment
where that we have Positon, but we need to make this as a fallback, as a default file, whereas in
this particular default file, you can just pass in the best you are all of the so that there should
be a fallback file to be specified so that you can you can make sure that that particular test on fail
at all.
So I'm just going to create a fallback file as the default charges on file.
And now if I tried to execute without the environment configuration, I need to save this file and I'm
just going to run this again and again, see that this time it goes to the year after Solmi dot com
website and then it is working from there.
So basically it is trying to look for that particular file that we are actually looking for and then
it should run from there.
So the next problem of resolving this particular error, the application not being loaded, was mainly
because of their default being fixed or fixed.
You know where you are because of this particular line that we have?
Well, this particular line that we need to be using, mainly if there is no you are a road being set
at all.
So if there is no you are it would be said, then you can probably call this.
If not, you don't even have to call this guy.
So what if I just try to remove this?
So I'm just going to I just require the file.
And basically I'm just trying to make this code even more oversimplified here.
I'm just going to say, like, if the configuration of EMV name is equal to a smaller dev, which is
going to be the degradation file, let's call that.
If it is Q8, then call me the quater doesn't file.
If if there's nothing, then just call the default address on file.
So I'm just going to go back here and then I'm just going to run for the for let's assume that I'm open
for the environment.
So you should see that it is going to open the browser for us, which is going to be the year after
Asami dot com.
And you can see that it is going to open the the app.
Oops, it's not so oh, OK.
It's because there is this convict named.
Someone changes to you.
Maybe I'm just going to remove this and I'm not OK.
I'm not even saying I'm not saying this yet, so I can say this and go here, Cinematical or Deaf so
he can see that if I call it if it is going to call this automation dot com website, not the year Dorsami
dot com.
So you can see the different website is being loaded, which is just not correct.
So I'm just going to stop the test.
So I've already failed.
And now if I just change this to Kuai and if I hit enter you should see that it should open the year
apart Saami dot com website not to exceed automation dot com.
You can see that it has not opened this year but also dot com.
It has get to the app and is running that.
So basically the idea is this.
So we are actually trying to execute the test based on the environment that we are putting in.
It can be the Kuai environment or it can be the environment.
So whatever environment that we are putting in, it is going to configure our it's going to choose the
file based on that and it's going to run it.
So that's the idea of working with environments in Cyprus, using different configurations and they
can integrate the same within the ICDs pipelines.
Thank you.
