// Section 13: Continuos Integration with Jenkins

Hi, guys, my name is Karthik and I am from Misrata, mentioned Dotcom, and welcome to another section
of our Internet Web automation testing with Cyprus, of course.
And in this section, we are going to be completely talking about continuous integration with Jenkins'.
If you remember, in all previous sections of this course, we already discussed about continuous integration
with Cyprus using what is called as doctor.
We we tried using Docker to deploy the application and we also tried executing the application from
Dakar, which was just kind of darker.
And we also saw in our previous section about integrating the Cyprus with the GitHub repository.
And we also saw the great feature Cyprus provide with the latest version of three point four point one
and the how to integrate with GitHub.
And also we can see how the execution actually happens.
And in that video, we are also told that you can leverage the full potential of test executions.
Are the run of the particular test only if you have an integration with continuous integration systems,
not just with the continuous repository system like GitHub.
Rather, there should be a continuous integration system like jenkins' or circular table where we can
actually see the full report and failure execution stuffs everything within the GitHub integration plugin.
So we are going to be discussing about everything in this section and understand how things work so
far that let's get started.
Continuous integration with Jenkins' for Cyprus.
It is very easy to configure Cyprus with Jenkins'.
All you need to know are these different pre-record side makes your course learning much easier and
understandable.
You need to have a basic understanding of jenkins'.
I need to have a basic understanding of jenkins' pipeline concept and basics of Cyprus insulation that
we discussed in our earlier videos of this course.
And I know that the third point is very, very easy.
You already know that how to install Cyprus like Cyprus run or Cyprus open all these commands.
You know that by default those things are going to be very straightforward and easy, but just that
the jenkins' basic and the jenkins' pipeline concept or not the part of this course.
So you should probably look at different courses.
I don't have any choice, guys.
I cannot tell Jenkins' in this particular course.
But just for the sake of your comments and your requests, I'm going to be starting the Jenkins' completely
from the ground up, like from the installation part.
But I cannot talk.
Everything about Jenkins' Pipeline are jenkins' freestyle projects and how to configure Nords and what
is the different stages and what is the pipelines and everything over this course, because there is
a free course available of jenkins' within Udemy.
You can subscribe that or you can also learn from YouTube, which is also available for free, so you
can go ahead and was there.
If you really need to improve your knowledge on continuous integration with Jenkins' and again, those
things are completely nothing to do with this particular course.
So I hope you really understand what I mean.
But as that said, we are going to be talking about different ways of Cyprus build with Jenkins' in
this particular section, something like Basic Cyprus with the JENKINS' via Freestyler project and then
Cyprus with Jenkins via Pipeline and Cyprus with Jenkins' via pipeline plus parallel execution.
If I remember in our earlier sections of this course we talked about Cyprus with parallel execution's
support is kind of free right now with the latest version of Cyprus.
So we can leverage the power of Padel execution.
If we have multiple machines are not in your machine, you can also leverage that power.
So we are going to be discussing about that in this particular section as well, which is never discussed
elsewhere in the Internet, at least in the form of video.
Well, the Cyprus where pipeline is going to look something like this, as you can see in here, we
have a Cyprus test execution happening in a pipeline format.
You can actually execute the whole stuff via pipeline or via official project.
You can easily do everything if you have already installed all the prerequisite software, which we
are going to be doing in this particular section as well.
And the Cyprus execution, which stages are going to look something like this?
You can see there is a stage where you can see what is really happening, something like a check out
NPM Install and Cyprus test panel execution on the fly.
So you can see everything in a stage by stage manner, like how much time it took for a particular stage
to perform an action and how much time it took for NPM install and how much time it's taking for the
Cyprus test to execute.
And Padel.
So we are going to be discussing everything.
And finally, we'll also be discussing how Cyprus GitHub integration released in Cyprus, three point
four point one version in much greater detail, which we actually missed some pieces in our earlier
video because we did not had this section for Jenkins to discuss about that in our earlier section.
So as I've said, guys, we are going to be fully talking about jenkins' integration from complete ground
up, we are going to be doing the installation.
We're going to be dealing with creating a new project like Freestyle and Pipeline Project.
We'll see how things work from complete ground up.
And we leverage the power of continuous integration with Jenkins in this section.
So let's get started then and understand how things work.
