So the first and foremost thing that we're going to be doing in this particular section is going to
be installing the jenkins' itself within our machine.
So you can either download the Jenkins' from this particular website.
As you can see here, you can get it from different versions of Jenkins' like Docker or FreeBSD Argento
or Windows are generic Java package, which is nothing but the VA file.
So I basically like the VA file because it's kind of very, very interesting as it is very easy to set
up.
You don't really have to install anything to populate your registry in your Windows machine.
This is kind of very, very easy to do it.
So I'm going to be downloading this particular generic Java package and I think where the word file
is within my machine and then I'm going to start that.
I have already downloaded that particular Java file.
So I'm just going to cancel this.
And then within my downloads folder, I'm going to start this particular Jenkins' Rafael.
So I'm not going to the command prompt.
And then I'm type the Java hyphen jar of Jenkins' Dada and then I'm gonna hit the enter.
So this way it will start creating a new file for me under the user's dot com slash Jenkins.
So this is the kind of a temporary folder of jenkins' where it is going to put all the workspace for
me.
So basically the workspace is nothing but the project that we are going to be creating within Jenkins'
and everything is going to be set under under that particular folder.
So if I go to the C column and if I go to the users and if I go to my Jenkins', this particular folder,
as you can see in here, it is just creating right now to 14 rpm and you can see just kind of updating
everything in there.
And then you can see that it is kind of fully up and running right now.
And also it generates a secret password.
For me, this is something that you really require while you're going to start installing it, basically.
So I'm going to go to the localhost eighty, eighty.
And once I go in there, you can see that it is going to ask me, the administrator password just sitting
in the secret folder, but I already know that from the command prompt.
So I'm just going to copy paste that and then I'm going to start installing and I'm going to install
all the suggested plug ins because it's not going to take a long time for me.
So I'm just going to install that.
So once the installation of these plug ins are fully done, we can then start using the Jenkins' to
play around with working with Jenkins' by creating a new project for us within Cypress.
And in the meantime, what I'm going to do is I will quickly show you what are the other things I really
did in this particular demo before starting it itself.
So within our GitHub of execute automation, I have also created a private repository, which is the
reason being this particular source code is actually from our course and this particular source code
is going to be reachable only to you guys who have purchased this course.
So I have just put this in a private wrapper, but I'm going to show you a demo of how to run our existing
code from our private repo instead of creating a public wrapper.
But I will also show you a demo on how to work with a public wrapper in our next video so that you can
understand how we can execute that.
But for the other videos, I'm actually going to be running this particular cyperus reporting, which
is going to be our private repo to make sure that you really understand how you work in a real time
environment within your companies.
So it's going to take a while.
So once everything is installed, I'll be back.
All right, so the installation is done and now I'm just going to enter the username and password here
just so that I can configure that and I'm just going to hit, save and continue.
And there's going to ask me the instance configuration and then I'm going to hit, save and finish and
then I'm going to start using the Jenkins'.
So this way, the insulation of Jenniskens is done and then we can now start creating the new pipelines.
So we'll be doing that in our next video.
Submit to you in our next video.
