In this video, we are going to be creating our first job for Jenkins and we'll see how we can execute
the court, so I'm just going to log in as admin for my jenkins' and then over here I'm going to enter
the name of the job.
So the name of the job can be anything you can set any name that you want.
The one which I'm going to be doing here is going to be something like jinking Cyprus Pipeline, and
then I'm going to choose the pipeline project here.
So as I said before, I'm going to be choosing the pipeline for the basic.
And also I'm going to show you how you can work with the pipeline, with the advance option, something
like parallel executions and stuff.
So I'm just going to choose the pipeline.
I'm not going to hit.
OK, and then you can see that brings up our new template or here that you can work with.
And once again, guys, I'm not going to show you how you can work with the pipeline and what is pipelines
and stuff.
But I'm going to show you very quickly how you can get to work with Pipeline.
So basically, while working in the pipeline, you need to configure a couple of things, like if I
just go to the Jenkins' homepage, maybe you can see that we have something called as Manager Jenkins.
And within in here, you can see that there are something called us managed nodes within manage node.
You can see that I have a node called Master and this is nothing but the default installation that I
have within my machine.
So basically this master is responsible for executing my code right now or here.
So I'm just going to choose the master for now.
And then I will show you how you can run the test with the scripts.
So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to set the the nard here as master because we know that
we have no master.
And then over here within the script, I'm going to do a couple of things.
So since I'm going to work with a kid with a basic repository, which is the repository that we already
saw the Kit Cyprus demo in our earlier videos for the Kitab integration, which is nothing but the previous
section that we were discussing about in the Cyprus three or four, that one version, the feature.
So I'm going to use the same repository.
So I'm just going to copy or clone this particular wrapper so far that I'm just going to go over here.
So if you don't know the syntax of the pipeline, then probably you can click this to pipeline syntax.
And over here you can search for what is called a skit, and then you can put the repository.
You are in here and the brand is going to be master.
There is no credential.
And if I generate the pipeline script, it's going to generate a pipeline script for me.
So this way you can see that it reduces so much of remembrance that you need to have while working with
the pipelines if you are pretty new, something like that.
So you can use this pipeline syntax tool, which is very, very handy with working with.
So I'm just going to pass this guy over here to get off this particular YORO for cloning the GitHub
code.
And then I'm going to run the code.
And once again, guys, as we already know for executing this particular code, all we're going to do
is in Cyprus a run.
And that way it's going to execute the code for us.
So for doing that, all I'm going to do is I'm just going to go over here once again as we know that
we are going to be executing a batch command here in Windows, or if you're going to use maybe Mac operating
system or Linux operating system, you should be running that using shell scripting.
So you can see that we have something called us, S.H., which is for the shell scripting.
And because I'm using my Windows operating system this time, I need to use what is called as a badge
or Windows badge scripting.
So I'm going to choose this guy and then I'm going to paste the command that I need to execute basically.
So the command that I'm interested in this time is going to be npm install.
So that's the first thing that we need to do.
Once you read the script, I'm just going to copy this and then I'm not Pasodoble here, so I'm going
to give a label here.
So I'm going to call this as install NPM package.
And then since we already have this command, I can just start typing it.
So I'm just going to say I'm gonna run the basic test.
All right.
So run the test and the script is going to be NPCs Cyperus run so this way and execute the code for
us.
So if you remember in our previous videos, all our earlier videos, we were using the speaker command
to execute a Cyprus code.
So I'm just going to use this for this command, for performing an operation.
So that's it, guy.
This is the only thing that we need to do for the pipeline.
And you can see that it's pretty straightforward and simple.
So I'm just going to say this and this way it's going to create a new pipeline for me.
And it says that.
There is no data available, the pipeline has not yet run.
So now if you try to build this particular job, you can see that it creates a first job for us.
And if I go to the speaker's job and if I go to the console output, you can see that it is now trying
to clone this particular repository.
And that's what we told initially.
And it also doing an NPM install.
That's the second command that we actually told to Jenkins' to do things for us.
And you can see that it has installed the Cyprus radar for that one.
And also it says some vulnerabilities and stuff that's fine and also says zero vulnerability is just
fine.
And then you can see that it is now doing in Cyprus run.
So basically, this is where things are going to be very, very interesting because this is where it
is going to execute our actual test code that we used to execute from this whole studio code.
And now it is going to run in the headless mode and it can see that it is currently starting in the
headless mode.
And it says that it found one spec failures, nothing but the action spectre just failed and it is executing
the code.
So if you go to the repo, if you go to Cyprus and if you go all the way to the examples, there is
only one spec file which is being checked in for this particular repository.
And that's the code it is currently executing in here.
And you can see that the test also got successfully completed, which is pretty cool.
And if I go back to my project, you can see that the test is in blue color, which means it is working
fine without any problems.
So everything is working fine without any problem.
So this is how we can see that we can actually run a Cyprus test using Jenkins using continuous integration,
which is pretty awesome.
In our next video, we'll see how we can even extend this particular option to work with our private
repository that I have already created, which is nothing but Cyprus reporting repository, which is
the same source code that I have downloaded from our earlier video so that I can show you how you can
run all our code that we're executing.
And also there are some failures, which is fine just to showcase you how the failure to actually look
like as well so that you can understand how things work.
So meet you in our next video.
Thank you.
