In this video, we are going to talk about Cyprus pipeline with stages and also we are going to be talking
about how we can work with our private repository, which is created already with the automation and
GitHub repo.
And again, this repository is only accessible by me.
It is not shared to the outside world.
So probably you can only use this even if you cannot try running the same port.
But you need to somehow do it within your own private repository of GitHub and then you can try this
code out.
But just that we don't really have to expose this code.
We have not subscribe to this course.
So as I've said, I'm going to go over here to the Jenkins' once again and I'm going to create a new
item this time, which is going to be a Cyprus pipeline.
But this time it is going to be for coding.
And I'm going to choose that pipeline project.
And then I'm like, OK.
And This Way is going to create a new project for us.
It's going to pretty much exactly the same thing, like how we did an earlier video.
So if you go to.
The Cyprus pipeline, and if you can figure we can even copy some of this code from here and then we
can pass it here so that we can reuse that, but just at this time, we are going to be using a different
repository, as I told you before.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go over here to the Cyprus reporting.
I'm a copy of this particular repository and then I'm not pasted over here.
And then I'm going to do the exact same thing.
I'm going to do NPM install, and then I'm going to run this particular code using in Cyprus run.
So this way it is going to run the code for us.
But does that this time as a change?
I'm going to be doing what is called a stage where I'm going to tell explicitly to Jenkins that these
are the states that I really need to execute the court.
So I'm going to say that it is going to do a good check out here.
Then I'm going to say I'm going to do a stage NPM package restor stage of Cyprus test run.
So this way, it creates a lot of stages for us and it brings us a cool view for us to show you that
how the code is going to be executed.
So this is going to be exactly the same thing that we saw earlier as well.
So I'm just going to say this, and I'm going to run this and I will show you what difference does it
make.
But this is not the big deal, guys.
This is exactly like how we did in our earlier videos.
Like except that there is a stage being added, as you can see in here.
But we are going to leverage even further with this staging concept and we are going to make use of
what is called as our Cyprus dashboards and stuff.
And we'll see how the test can be even further executed.
So if you remember in our earlier videos we discussed about what is called as a Cyprus dashboard, so
I can quickly tell you that Cyprus dashboard log in and you can see that this is a Cyprus dashboard
I showed you earlier.
And you can see I already have the projects like these and it also has all the integrations with GitHub
repository for all the different reports that I have got.
And the users that I have got is only one.
We already discussed about that in our earlier sections.
Guys, please watch those videos before you really make use of these things that I'm really talking
about in here.
But just that the only thing that you need to make sure this time is you already have this set up done
in your project, in our earlier videos, because we are going to leverage the power of this in our
this video, as well as in our next video in our this video, as well as in our next video.
So I hope the test is already running behind the scene.
So if I just go to this one.
And go to the console output, you can see that it is still running at.
And it's going to take some time to actually restore the packages, because there are so many packages
that we have used, at least for this project, and once everything is done, I'll be back.
And you can see that this time it is running our our tests that we were executing in our earlier videos,
I know there are some failures in our test, but we just have to see if all our tests are actually executed
without any problem.
And you can see that the test has got failed, which is fine, and you can see that the reason for this
long, big failure is because we need to somehow execute the jasen software, which is responsible for
running the fake API server.
So I'm just going to open that and we need to run that as well.
So for that, I'm just going to type NPCs JS server, uh, then I'm hit the enter.
It's going to be Debe Chazen, so that way is going to start the court for us.
All right.
Pretty cool.
So now it is executing as well.
And next time while we execute this particular court, it is going to go without any problem.
But this proves the point that we could be able to run the Cyprus pipeline reporting as well.
And it does exactly the same thing.
It's taking the kids out into stores, the packages, and it runs that test for us, which is pretty
cool.
But we need to talk about the Cyprus dashboard as well.
So far, that's what I'm going to do, is I'm going to go to the source code of this particular project,
which is sitting in my GitHub repo, and then I'm not open this in the Explorer.
And I'm going to open this in this studio cord, and you can see that while we open the NPCs Cyprus
open, you can see that we have an option called as Arun's.
And in this run, it will show you all the different runs.
The code has been configured.
So this runs I'm actually getting because I have already logged in within my Cyprus dashboard within
this particular project.
And since I have logged in, I could be able to go to the settings and then I can grab the card key
over here.
So this recording is actually coming based on the configuration that I have made.
And once again, guys, these details I have already discussed in our earlier video.
So please go ahead.
And was there were these informations are already available, right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to run this particular code in the Uttam is available in our demo
project, this one.
And this is where I'm actually going to execute our code and I'm going to make use of these things so
you can see that these are the decisions I have already made.
And these are and they are ran and they ran three hours ago.
But now, if I tried to execute this code right now, it is going to update this particular timeline
and then it is going to run without any problem.
So these details we are going to be discussing in our next video.
So make sure that you have all these set up in place so that you can follow along with this course with
our next video.
Thank you.
