As discussed in our previous video, we already have the configuration within this particular project
to connect with this particular Cyprus dashboard.
So I'm going to do is this I'm just going to run this particular card within my jenkins', and then
I will show you how we can link the reporting options working within the Cyprus dashboard as well.
So I'm going to make use of the same pipeline project that we did in our earlier video over here, which
was not executing pretty well.
So I'm just going to go and I'm going to hit the configure option.
But just at this time, I'm just going to grab the details from the car key over here.
And you can see that we have in the car key something like this, which is something responsible for
us to send the data to the dashboard.
Right.
So I'm just going to copy these details and then I'm gonna go over here to the pipeline.
And this one is going to be like this.
So you can see that I have changed our existing card from Cyprus run to Cyprus, an offer, a card,
and there is this key.
So I'm just going to save this.
And now if I try to build this particular card, you can see that it is going to start executing the
code for us.
So let me also go to the.
Up job over here and go to the console output and hopefully this time we have our Jasen, so we're running
as well.
But we're here, so we don't have a lot of errors as well.
And you can see that now I just executing this particular command to start communicating with our Cyprus
dashboard, and now you can see that we also have a run.
You are all coming in and it says that it is actually communicating with this project and the run its
affiliate.
So something is happening behind the scene like communication.
And if you are little, you can see that it takes me up over here.
You can see that it is executing the code and the first test has got past just pretty awesome.
And now if I see the video, it also shows me the video of the execution just happened on the Cyprus
side.
You can see that it is visiting the animation.
You saw me dot com with the link and does the username and password clicking the login button.
And that's why the test has got passed.
So it is executing the code for us behind the scene and even the API test is executed.
So now if I go back, you can see that the operation was called and the courthouse got executed.
So is executing all the court for us behind the scenes and we can see in real time like how the execution
is happening.
So if I go to the speaker project right now, you can see that this is executing two hours before and
also shows me the branch is anything but the master branch.
And also it shows a message like pull request of zero two from extradimensional code change for demo.
Again, guys, these are something I made intentionally within my private report so that you can see
those detail.
We are going to be making those changes in our next video and I will show you how to leverage those
detailed power.
But you can see that we now can see our court execution happening from Jenkins directly in the.
Cyprus dashboard, and you can see the continuous execution is actually happening behind the scenes.
So now if I go back to the Jenkins' maybe or here for the execution run and if I go to this particular.
Console log.
You can see that it is currently executing on the court for us, I think it is pretty close to complete
and often it's going to be completed just pretty cool.
So this way we can see that we can leverage the power of Cyprus with a pipeline of Jenkins' and with
Cyprus dashboard.
We could able to run the test.
And also we can see the failures and the positive test cases on real time with videos and screenshots
of the failures and stuff, which is pretty awesome.
So these details are very, very handy while working with the continuous integration, because these
are the things which are very much important while we work with the continuous integration system in
our test execution.
You know, next video, we'll discuss how we can leverage the power of GitHub integration along with
the Cyprus dashboard and with the Jenkins'.
And we'll see how the whole workflow works in much greater detail.
Thank you.
