So we have been discussing about this Cyprus institution in GitHub actions and published report of Ankita
pages from our last video and in our last video.
We actually created the complete source code.
We also executed at the core.
And we saw how we can generate the Marcos and report.
So everything is all good right now.
So all you're going to do in this video is we are going to check in the code in the GitHub repo, and
then we going to create and have actions, workflow.
And then we can see how we can publish the report on the GetUp pages.
And we'll see how they get her actions.
Workflow is going to come into actions to perform a CCD operation for us.
So for that, I'm just gonna go to the kid up over here and then I'm just gonna create a new repository
and I'm gonna call this as a Cyprus report, something like that.
And then I'm going to say Cyprus report with GitHub actions, workflow and publish a report in GetUp!
Pages.
And I'm going to add the ignore for the Norge module, and I'm gonna create a repository here.
So this is going to be the repository which I'm gonna be creating.
And this is where I'm actually going to be cloning my card.
So I'm just gonna open this with the kid up desktop and over here I'm just gonna copy paste all the
code and then I'm going to checking the code, which is gonna be just like a flash of second.
I'll be back once it is done.
You can see that the code is available for us.
The next step is we need to create the actions of workflow, which is nothing but the GitHub actions,
workflow.
And we have already discussed about giddap actions, workflow in my earlier video where in order to
set up the workflow, you need to choose a decade of workflow.
So the one which I'm going to be choosing this time is going to be this one.
But I'm just gonna delete almost everything which is sitting over here because I need to actually generate
or create an altogether a new workflow here.
So I'm not really gonna be using any one of these, as you can see in here.
I'm just gonna be deleting all of them and I'm actually gonna be creating a new workflow altogether.
So the first one is I need to generate the Cyprus report.
I'm gonna get it from this particular branch.
So that's the first thing which I need to be doing for my code to be executed.
And then I need to create the jobs.
I'm from this job.
I need to be actually getting the container from these hypers browsers.
So if you can't see in the dock or there is something called a Cypress Prosser's for this particular
Cyprus, as you can go over here and the Docker hub, you can see that different versions of Cyprus
browsers available like Chrome.
Sixty nine.
But if you go to the tags, you can see there are many different new versions of the Cyprus Chrome available
over here.
So I'm just gonna be using the most latest version, which is 83 and Firefox 77.
So I'm just gonna use that as well.
And then I'm gonna execute the same command, which I said I told you before to run the test and then
generate the report and merge the report, which is D.
So you can see this is the jobs there.
I'm just gonna be executing or running.
I'm gonna run on the chrome.
No Chrome 83 on the Ubuntu operating system.
And this is the Cypress browser with the version.
The latest version.
I see.
I told you I'm gonna check out the code and then I'm going to perform the installation, which is gonna
be the Cypress Verify.
And then I'm gonna do the Cypress Test execution on the chrome, as you can see.
This is the command, the NPM run test chrome, which we just did on our studio code.
And I'm gonna be exactly doing the same thing to actually copy the videos into the public folder.
And the reason why we just doing all these things on the public folder is because we are actually going
to use the actions of the GitHub pages.
So we are gonna be basically using and workflow, which is gonna be from this one, that kid Hupp actions.
So as you can see, based on the author's information, you need to publish this particular page to
a directory.
And this is gonna be the public directly.
So this is as an example, you can create your own directory of your choice.
But I'm just gonna be sticking with the author, what they have mentioned.
And again, this is very, very interesting.
This is what I have read in the articles from the original author, and he mentioned the same thing
as well.
So I'm just gonna be exactly doing the same thing.
And that's why we just copy pasting all the video files under the public folder.
And then we're gonna be doing the merch test reports and then we're gonna be generating the test report.
That's it.
And then finally, we need to be deploying that report.
So far, deploying the report.
This is the stuff that we need to be executing this one.
So deploy a report base to the get up page.
So that's it.
You can see this guy is actually coming from this one, which I just showed you.
So once this is done, we are pretty good to go.
I can then start the commit to create new Cypress report.
But this is not gonna basically work.
But despite that point of time, there is one thing between to still do is to go to the settings.
And then if you go to the options, if you come all the way down here, there is something called us
GitHub pages.
So basically, this particular GetUp pages is disabled.
You need to select a GitHub source over here to actually showcase where you're going to be doing it
so you can select the branch which you're going to be working with like.
Or you can also create your own branch if you want.
So once you select this, basically your site will be ready and it'll be published on this particular
location.
Is it automation and GitHub that I will of Cyprus report?
So if I go at this moment, you can see that nothing is actually happening because that test execution
might have triggered already.
If I go to the card and if I go to the workflow here, it seems like it has been past page burned,
completed.
And there you go.
So let's see if we have this particular changes that we have made.
Yes, I think everything's all good.
So now if I just try to maybe just do a small application here and it's to commit changes.
And then if I go to the actions, you can see that now the execution has triggered and he can see that
the first execution has happened here, which is nothing but run on Chrome version number 83.
So this is the first step that we were actually executing.
And again, can see that it is setting up the job.
It is initializing the container for us.
And once the initialization is done, it is then going to check out the code and then it's going to
install the same president to verify around the Cyprus test and copy that test.
Execution videos and screenshots merged to test report, generate the estimate report, deploy the report
to make it up page and then it's going to stop the container.
So it's going to do all sorts of workflow operation for us once the execution is complete.
So let's wait for the execution to fully complete.
Whoops.
It seems like there is a failure here because the test actually expects a screenshot folder to be available
because that doesn't really exist at this particular point of time.
Within our report, we actually need to add it at least a file so that it will actually show us our
copy paste these screenshots, because there is no permission for it, because we already have a videos
folder and not the screenshots folder.
You're just gonna be creating a problem for us.
Probably.
I can create a new file here.
I'm just going to say folder to hold these screenshots, commit the new file.
And if you go to the actions right now, you can see that the test execution has started.
And you can see that this time the report has been generated.
And it's also merged and it is also performing the check out and everything is done just pretty cool.
Now, if I tried to go directly to the settings, as you know.
Over here, as you can see, that we have this because you are up for the Cyprus report.
And as I told you before, we have to choose the GitHub pages where the report is going to be published.
So if I open this particular you are allowed.
You can see that I could see that particular report is coming in.
Pretty cool.
And also, once they expand the particular step, I actually see the video of the execution as well.
And that's the reason why we have actually changed the name of the particular file to this particular
name.
Right.
And now you may be wondering where these particular fires are actually being published and Verity's
sitting.
So, as you can see, there is something called as a jihad hyphen page branch.
So I sent it to the Masterbrand.
But while the list is actually executing, I realized that the Masterbrand is not the one which we should
be choosing.
We should be choosing the Jihad page branch because it is nothing but the GetUp pages branch.
This is where you are actual pages should be sitting.
So if you want to see the GetUp pages branch, you can actually see this.
Let's say if I just go to the automation of the Cyprus reports of three G Hatch pages.
So if I go there, you can see that you can actually see the assets off my report and also the videos
of my report.
And also, it shows me the locations because there is no screen charts being generated because there
was no failure in that, as the screenshots folder does not really exist.
But if there is any failure in our test, we can also see that particular report coming in.
That's it.
So this is how we can actually work with GitHub actions and we can generate a report and we can publish
the report in the GitHub pages with Cyprus.
So did guys.
Once again, thank you.
But I was watching this video and you have a great day.
