// Section 18: Cypress 6.3.0

Hi, guys, welcome back to another video of our course into automation with Cyprus, and in this video,
we are going to talk about Cyprus, new changes happening at the moment and the release of the new Cyprus
studio.
And I'm pretty excited to see the Cyprus studio coming in after a long time because Cyprus didn't really
actually had any recording playback option all these days.
I mean, you could able to do a ID of element from the Cyprus dashboard.
You can go and check it out, how it's actually working, all the stuff, but it doesn't really give
you a way to record the action that you could actually perform in other tools, for example, in play.
I do have a tool called us playwrite Seelie, where you could actually record and perform some action
similar in selenium.
There is something called selenium, Heidi.
And all of the testing tools actually has an inbuilt recorder or record and playback tool, whereas
in Cyprus you don't really have that option.
And finally, after, like three, 40 years of the launch of Cyprus, finally there is a feature which
actually does this record and playback action for you.
I mean, this is pretty cool to see.
It's finally there.
And we're going to see how the Cyprus studio is going to be working.
By the way, the Cyprus studio is still in an experimental stage.
It is not out yet, like fully featured.
If you find any bugs, then probably it is pretty acceptable at this point of time because it is an
experimental feature and you may find some glitches.
I mean, I'm trying this this feature for a long time right now, but I don't really see any bugs so
far.
But I could potentially see some error if I'm going to use this feature extensively.
I mean, we do know how to code these things.
I mean, they don't really have to use the recording playback option, but we can see how it actually
works.
So I'm just going to jump in and I'm going to show you how it actually works so far using the Cyprus
studio, you should be in the version 2.0.
And you can see that this is the major feature that they have released this time, the Cyprus studios
release, which is added in this extra 3.0.
And there is also some options to the test files downloading the Cyprus without that from displaying
and is another feature which community was asking for a long time now they have an option for you.
You can also configure where the download folders should be within your project or within outside of
the project, something like that.
So you can do that as well.
So we'll just see the Cypress studio in this video and we'll see how it actually works.
So far that I have already downloaded the source code from our course Internet, Intissar in Cyprus.
And you can see that the package which I'm using is quite old, right, is in Fallout six at the moment.
It is really, really older.
So we should upgrade all these packages to the latest and the greatest of everything so that we could
actually potentially use all these libraries to the latest version.
So you can see once I do this controlled space, we get the latest version coming up for us pretty quickly.
So I'm just going to do that.
I have already did everything in my other window, though, so I'm just going to copy paste to save
some time.
And it's going to be exactly the same thing that you can actually do by yourself, by doing a controlled
space audit.
That's it.
So this is the latest packages.
I'm just going to go to the integrated terminal and I'm going to do an NPM install.
We're just going to install the latest version of Cyprus for this and all the packages that we have
been using in this course for a long time.
And once it is there for us, we can then start using within our code and we can see how the studio
is going to be working.
And if you go to the changelog while this is happening, there is this option called experimental studio
attribute to be added within our configuration.
We just have a label on the Cyprus Dages on file.
So we need to add this instrument studio attribute to our configuration.
So this way it is going to enable it for us.
So I'm not going to do it at the moment.
Like will try to see without adding this attribute how the studio is going to look like and then after
adding how it's going to look like.
So we take out that.
All right.
The installation is done right now.
So I'm just going to do an Cyprus open so we know that this is the same command to open the Cyprus dashboard.
So it's currently open over here and it is scanning for all the dust coming through.
And this is the app.
I mean, these are the tests that we have written and this is the dart spectate.
Just file with I'm trying to execute.
And this execution is going to be pretty much exactly the same.
Like all these days we have been executing.
Right?
I mean, it just opens the Cyprus dashboard.
It navigates to the app, performs the action.
We can see the time machine concept and all those things, that's all pretty good, but now we're going
to see how the same thing is going to work with the record and playback option in the Cyprus studio.
So I think it's going to fail because we have added prashanth SS, which is quite wrong.
We have to change.
That could not stop this guy.
And I'm going to go to the Cyprus integration and examples on the abdon spec and remove this triple
s save this and what I'm going to do in the Cyprus dart.
Jason, file this one.
I'm going to add the experimental option which we have over here, which is going to be the experimental
studio.
So I'm just going to go piss this guy.
Oops.
And I'm going to say true.
That's it.
So once this is enabled, this time, if we try to run the NPK Cyprus open, we should have the experimental
option coming through for us as well.
So hopefully we'll see how it looks like.
There you go.
It looks pretty much exactly the same.
There is no difference on that.
But the change comes in once we start this year.
Abduh Specter, Jaspal.
So you can see that it's currently executing.
Just opening the test and surrounding the test for us.
The district is viewed completely and there you go.
The test has got passed.
But now if you just holler all the way to the top of this, this test over here, you can see that there
is an option coming, like add new test.
So this is new this is the feature which I was talking about is new, which is not there before and
is available for us right now.
So if I click this guy, the add new test and you can see that it is going to perform the before option
for us, like logging into the app and navigating all the way to the homepage.
So it is doing that for us like before option and then it's going to create an ID block which is going
to have a new test that we are going to be recording this time.
I mean, regarding this time, you can see that this option can interact with the site to add test commands
and there are some available commands coming through, specifically those available commands.
You can see there is something called a site or check site, click select type and uncheck.
So these are the five commands, which is select, which is available for us at the moment in the Cyprus
studio for us to be recorded.
And if there is a new option like Hoeber or probably if you're going to perform some sort of cookie
adding or those things will not work at the moment.
But yeah, maybe at a later point of time.
And then if I'm just going to go to the employee list and then I'm going to go to it did.
And over here I'm going to change just to three hundred.
I'm going to save and I'm going to go to the employee details.
Probably manage user and about whom and log off.
You can see that I perform so many operations right now and once it is performed, all these things
are coming through for us over here.
And I can also delete the command, which is selected over here, like an extra click or something like
that if I want to.
And then I can save these commands as a new test.
So the new test is going to be recorded of code or something like that.
I'm just going to generate the name.
That's it.
And then the test is going to execute this time.
But I think the test is going to fail because we are just doing a before option.
But you can see that the record option that we have performed is actually by clicking the employee list.
And we haven't only done that before back in our code.
It's not before each something like that.
So that this is going to fail and which is.
All right.
I mean, I will tell you what I really mean.
So let me stop this test completely.
And if I go to the ATM, stop this guy as well.
Let me go to the IR aspect of jazz.
And if you just scroll down, you can see that this is the generator cord coming in for us.
Yeah, but just cool.
But you can see that we actually are running this test assuming that the before is going to be exciting
for us.
But what's happening is this is just a before option, not the before each option is going to do the
Log-in for us every time where it is going to do so, we need to somehow call this what is called as
a B for each option, which is when a hook probably.
And once we do that and once I try to run the test once again sorry, Cyprus open it should able to
run the test.
So this is the record and playback feature, guys.
This is pretty nice, pretty neat.
And it does all the recording for us.
All sort of operations are coming.
And again, currently there are only five commands being supported, as I showed you on that on the
UI.
But later on, probably the Cyprus team is going to add some other way to store the Alia's and stuff
like that are recording probably.
But at the moment we don't really have those option.
But yes, this recording, the playback is working as expected.
And you can see that now it's trying to enter the username and password and it's performing the recorded
recorded code operation as well for us, which is quite cool.
That's it, guys.
This is what is the type of studio.
Looks pretty good, pretty interesting.
And I think it is working pretty much as expected.
But I'm still hoping to see the new feature of having a the XIKAR recording are storing the cookies,
are storing the state information and and supporting the download file options and working at Hoers
and many different commands, probably.
Thank you once again for watching this video and meet you in the next one.
