All right, so these are two different ways of working with the interceptions, at least three different
way of working with the responses and stuff, but this time what we're going to do is we are going to
do even more different way of how we can set the Alia's and then how we can perform an interception
or assertions of that particular response if that is working fine or not.
So if you just go over here to the intercept, if I remember, you know, a slide actually showed that
you can specify the type of request that you are making in is whether is it a get request or post request
and things of that nature.
So you can see that all the different kind of requests that you can actually perform are coming in over
here for you so you can perform something.
I could get operation, which is what we are doing all the time, and then we can specify the user's
part that we are looking for.
And we can also specify the response, which is going to be coming up for us.
I mean, I can show you a very cool thing that it's going to happen if we are going to do it in this
fashion.
I mean, leave this interception over here for now.
And I'm actually going to do a small assertion operation that I'm actually going to verify and see if
it has the card body of at least two or something like that.
So probably what I'm going to do is I'm just going to put this guy over here.
And if I try to run this test, you can see that it's working fine.
So I'm just trying to do at the moment, it's going to look for all the card body over here.
And you can see there are like nine card bodies coming up, like one, two, three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine.
Just brings up all of them.
And you are starting to have at least two of them, which is pretty cool right now.
Right.
So that is expected and it's working fine.
And this is what I was about to say.
So let's say this particular API is not actually returning nine value, which is like it is not even
developed.
And you want it to have at least two of them for your test to pass every time.
Then if the data is not even been there, the C data is not even there or it's not even been there or
developed by your developers, your test is going to fail.
So in order to prove that what I'm going to do is I'm just going to turn off the network.
From my machine like that, I don't really want to have a network right now and now if I rerun this
particular test, you can see that this test is going to fail because the SOHR is not going to be responding
and the test is actually failing for us.
And that's the reason we actually require the STUBING, and that comes very, very handy.
So in here, I'm going to assume like a STUBING, I'm actually going to be injecting this particular
fixture where I'm going to say exampled are jasen something like this.
I'm going to say it.
And if I rerun this, you can see that it's going to working fine.
It's going to be working fine because these data are coming from our example DART Jasen file, which
is quite good.
And now that this is something we already know.
But the last thing that I wanted to do is I want to do some sort of Alia's to see if I could also able
to to verify if I get a D response body, which has a lot of probably two or something like that.
So if I'm doing that, I'm just going to do something like, um, like users, something like this.
So this is the area which I'm injecting in.
And I'm also going to do something like Siwy dark probably rate where I'm actually going to tell at
Users DARD.
I'm going to say it's the response dart body should have a lend at least at least of do something like
that.
So if I just verified this and if I see if that works, you can see that it is actually working fine
because the array has to value the Lantis actually matching based on that particular response, which
I have actually injected in over here.
And then I could able to verify the array response as well.
So I'm actually verifying the road over here and I'm verifying that particular value based on the areas
which I am parsing.
So this is the cool thing that you can do in the Cyprus based on your Cyprus dashboard.
And you can see if you could able to intercept the networks and things.
So these are the things that you could actually do much, much easily using Stubing operation via Cyprus,
new intercept command and tested application without any problem.
