Until the last video we were discussing about how we can work with the intercept using the get operation,
so we used the locally developed application, which I showed you, and it was working fine for that
particular demo.
But in order to show the post operation, I have not really built anything for that particular application
to perform a post operation.
So rather, I'm actually going to take one of the most interesting application which Cyprus team itself
have developed, which is nothing but the Cyprus Real World app.
So if you are not really heard about the Cyprus Real World app, this is the Cyprus real word app,
which is available in the GitHub, which you can actually use for performing all the testing.
Like most of the scenarios that we have discussed so far in our course, like all these sections, I
mean, this real world app was something not available when I released this course.
But now this code is getting matured like it's been nine months.
This particular reports are developing, but they started adding a lot of features for past three or
four months, I guess.
And now it is getting really, really improved for performing a lot of testing on the real world app.
So you can see that this is the real world app, which actually has a lot of real world kind of testing
that we can do using Cyprus.
And I'm really interested to explore it even further with this application in our course to add some
more lectures on the same.
So in order to work with this application, are you going to do this just to use and you can install?
Basically, you need to install the yarn itself if you don't really have it's again, similar to the
NPM, just that it's a different way to work with the package manager.
And then you you're going to run this young dev, run the application.
And if you want to run the Cyprus like Cyprus Open, it's going to open the Cyprus for you.
And they have written some scenarios like test scenario for API, UI and unit testing.
So you can use them as well just for your references if you want to.
I mean, most of the things we have already developed and discussed about in our in our sections, but
a few of the things which we have not discussed, even in this particular codebase, it is already there.
But now I'm not really going to talk a lot about the test, which is already there.
Rather, I'm actually going to use this application for our post operation, which we have not discussed
on the site to interact.
So in order to run this application, as I told you, I'm just going to run this YANTO.
I have already cloned the project and it's already up and running right now.
As you can see here, it seems like I already need to stop this application, which we are running.
Before I start this guy as well, let me clear this and run the John Doe again.
So hopefully you can see that it's launching the application for us on the localhost three thousand
point number and the application will be launched for us.
And we're going to be using this application for performing the Seida intercept, for the post operation
for one of the transactions probably.
And then we'll see how we can use the site or interact.
Also perform the interception for the post operation and get the response that what we are looking for.
So as you can see here, this particular application is Budarin, and we need to log in to this particular
application.
So if you just go to this particular code base over here, you can see within this this application
report, they have given this example app users.
So we can just open this and they have a lot of different users available to use or run within the speaker
app.
And we are going to be probably using some of the users that they have got.
So, for example, if I want to see this, Ailee, too, and they also have a password as this one is
going to copy this door here, I'll sign in.
And once I do a sign and you can see that they have this application loaded in with all the data and
they have some friends of mine that like, uh, like the payment of the union to make.
And you can go to my account to see your account number and then the bank account notifications and
you can log out from where we want to, but you can also perform a new for the payment, like if you
want to pay this guy like two thousand or probably two hundred dollars, something like that, and say,
please pay me something that you can just the request so that you get a two thousand dollar from that
person, or you can also pay him if you want to.
So for example, if you just want to do it now and you want to pay like two hundred dollars.
Payment done, something like that.
And he'd pay, you can see that you are two hundred dollar has gone reduced from thousand six hundred
forty eight two thousand four hundred and forty eight over here, which means it's working fine.
And if you go on to the inspect right now, this is where things are, something that we wanted to intercept,
basically.
So if I try to reverse this guy and if I just try to do the amount of, let's say, 200 test, if I
do a pay, you can see that there is a transaction coming up, which is a post operation, which is
going to perform a post operation for this.
And it's going to reduce the number of values over there.
And you can see that once I do the post, it is also going to give me a transaction over here, which
is actually performing a, uh, amount of, uh, let's say two hundred.
But I don't know, for some reason it's twenty thousand.
I don't know why, but it is two hundred.
It is doing the operation and that's why is reducing like two hundred dollars for us over there.
So yes, it is actually working fine using this particular transaction.
And this is the valley which is being passed over here, which is all good right now.
Right.
I mean this is the real world average we are going to be using for performing the post in our next lecture.
