All right, so now that we have installed Cyprus, we pack those over as well as the Cyprus react bundler,
and the next thing we need to do is actually to make our Cyprus Dages on file to actually tell that
this is the location that our tests are actually sitting, so that this is the way that we can actually
tell our component destroyer that you need to find where our tests are actually sitting.
So basically, if you see within our source file over here, we just modified this particular Abdah
file earlier to add this dimension, react abnormal, but we didn't really actually did anything on
the Abdah test file.
But if you just take a close view of this particular Abdah SRT file, so probably I'm going to change
this font size a bit, you will see that it actually performs a testing of the particular text, something
like screen dart, get by text using the land, react over here.
And then there's also an expect coming in from the just to perform the expected or a assertion operation
for us.
But these are the tests which we are not actually going to be using for our testing purposes because
we will be using Cyprus in our case.
So in order for Cyprus to know what we're trying to do, we need to modify the Cyprus charges to tell
that we are going to be using the components test to identify the components sitting as a test files
on the components for there is nothing but this source folder over here.
So this is the place where we actually tell that this is where our tests are actually sitting.
So now that we have told that this is our test file that we are going to be actually looking for over
here, and once we have this Cyprus charges on file with all the details that we can tell Cyprus to
test under our Cyprus component, based on that, this is where you need to be looking for the components,
then we also need to actually add or inject a dev server, which is something we can actually do on
the Cyprus folder, on the plugins of the index.
Start a jazz file over here so I could probably get rid of all this code.
And here I can just write something like a dose over where we can tell require at Cyprus slash react
slash plugins of react scripts.
And then over here we're going to do the module dot exports, which is where we can actually do the
explosion of exportation of all the details, which is going to be used in our Cyprus test project,
which is exactly the same idea that we already discussed.
And I'm just going to do this config where we're telling that that the server has to pass the same configurations
and then return the config.
So this is the way that you can actually do it for us.
And this is what you should be doing to tell or enable the components over to start components to start
using this particular plugin.
All right.
So I'm probably going to remove this country.
I don't know how it is being added here.
Just kind of stay with this and it's looking pretty good.
And the next step is actually adding the Cyprus test.
And I think this is the configuration part of it.
And those changes will be doing our next lecture.
