All right, so now that we have set everything on our project and the last thing is we need to add the
test on the ABDA to start our TSX file so we could probably start doing it over here.
So all I'm going to do is this time I'm just going to comment this particular piece of code, probably
because we don't really require this code anymore.
Or maybe we can just comment this particular piece of code and we don't even require this code because
we're not going to be using them at all.
Rather, we are actually going to be using the Cyprus.
So I'm just going to say from, um, at Cyprus or react.
So this is what I really require.
And over in this particular.
Package, we actually have what is called Assman.
So this is what I really, really require because this is what I'm actually going to be using to perform
the operation.
So over here, I'm just going to say it so probably I can even use the same cord from here, but rather,
I'm just going to be using the earplug.
You can see that it's completely different.
And over here, I'm saying test application in component level.
So I'm not going to be using it to describe something like that, so I'm just going to leave it as it
is on this blog, I'm actually going to say mount the application, which we can do using the mount.
And the command is going to be exactly the same, like how the render has actually used.
I'm just going to use the exact same thing over here like this.
That's it.
So if you do that, the application would be mounted for us.
And then I can just do say dart get.
And then I can perform any operation that I'm really looking for.
So, for example, if I wanted to click the learn react because it says that get by text, learn, react.
So I can just do that as well.
So I can probably just do this or probably I know that this is a hyperlink, then I can just do a click
operation on that particular hyperlinks.
I just saved it now.
Now I'm just going to run this will see how it actually works so I can use that terminal which we already
have over here.
So I can just do NPLEX Cyprus open seat so you can see that this is the first time we are actually using
a new command called Open Hyphen Qty.
So instead of the open command, which we usually do, we are going to be using the open hyphen CWD
Command, which is nothing but for the controller.
And you will see that this time it is going to be launching a new test runner, which we have never
seen before.
So this is the test under which actually going to run the component test for us.
So once I click this particular app to start this file, you will see that it is going to be talking
to the application for us and then it is loading the application for us and you will see that it has
actually clicked this particular learn react for us over here and can see that it has opened a new page
and a new tab and it has a really did that for us.
So once I do this using the time machine, I can actually see what's really happening over here.
So it has really clicked it and that's when we actually see a new type opened.
So this is how we could actually write super, super simple cypress components using the new Cyprus
component.
But in the next lecture, we'll see how we can enhance our application a bit and then run the same thing
with our Cyprus testing.
And I will show you how the developer actually does that and how the same thing can leverage us while
working with it, while working with the component testing.
