All right, so now we're pretty close to the end of this section and we're going to make it quick in
terms of application development to add even more components.
So in our last video, we actually added a bit of color in terms of the select and the text area.
But we also added a couple of libraries, fluent libraries.
So I'm going to make use of them this time.
So I'm actually going to be adding or importing all these libraries over here and we're going to modify
the application itself a bit.
So we are going to be let's assume that we are going to be adding a few more details, like a checkbox
or a bottom navigations or something like that.
So I'm just going to be adding all those details this time.
So for doing that, let's go over here and space this big piece of code.
So I'm just going to stay with this and you will see that the application this time is going to be modified
a lot.
So you will see there are some errors, which is all right, because we actually need to add some more
cores over here.
So I will be adding them all.
Because we need to add these styles that we'll be using and we also need to have some more constants
to be used within this app, so I'm going to add them as well.
So this is something I developed it just quickly to show you how the application is going to look like.
So you can see that this application has turned out to be a bit of a nice application then compared
to what it was like.
It has got some checkbox over here.
It has some cool text box where you can actually fill in the details and you can also select the favorite
nearby.
And there is a material team on that.
So this is actually sitting on the folder level.
So this is a bit of modification happen with an application and now we need to test them as well.
So in order to test this whole thing again, the code is going to be looking pretty much exactly like
how we used to do that in the Cyprus.
So we can actually check this like checkbox using this picture code.
So once I do that, you will see that the checkbox is been selected.
So which is happening at the moment for a side by side.
And then if I really wanted to enter some value by deleting the hello world or clearing the hello world,
then I'm actually going to be adding this particular command.
You can see that get clear and then type the data field.
So once I do that, you will see that it has cleared and then you type the value.
So we could be able to test that.
And if I want to click probably the reason and the nearby, then I can just do something like this.
And once I save that, you will see that the checkbox or the options are being clicked over here, which
is quite cool.
And now that let's say that if the developer has actually screwed or an application with some of the
components, let's say that they have actually modified the idea from recent to recent, something like
this, they run them our test, actually, our test will start failing and it won't even click the reason
until that there is an assertion error because the reason was actually not found.
So this way, the developers will have an handle of the components that they need to modify the ID,
just matching exactly how the testers are looking for and how the tests are actually looking for.
So this is something even the automation test engineer can use to see if the items are not being broken
because you actually have a reference of the component test for you are into in test automation.
So that's it, guys.
This is how we can actually see the power of Cyprus or to have a component astronaut to be used within
our testing.
It's going to be useful even for testers, not just for developers, because not only just developers
are going to be riding the unit, testing our component level testing.
Sometimes there are chances that this will fall under the district's responsibility and testers should
be doing it.
And this is going to be a good learning experience for us to be using it.
And Cyprus has really made this super simple for us to happen.
So once again, thank you for writing this section.
Thank you very much for purchasing this course.
You guys have a great day.
